Hermione couldn’t believe what she was seeing. She was frozen to the spot she was standing on and her eyes were glued to Lillian’s bed on which Harry was slowly sinking his cock into Lillian’s pussy under him.

She could see his butt muscles clench as he buried himself to the hilt inside her friend who was moaning, her legs held high in the air over his shoulders and her back and neck arched as Harry kissed her exposed neck.

“God yes Harry,” Lillian moaned as Hermione watched Harry rise up and sink in again at the same unhurried pace that brought another toe curling moan from Lillian.

“Keep up that pace,” she whispered, rubbing her hands over his back and through his hair.

“As long as you keep that sexy look on your face then yes,” Harry drawled and leaned in to kiss her. He removed one of his arms that held up her legs and wrapped it around her neck as the intensity of the kiss rose dramatically. His long and slow thrusts never changed their pace but Lillian began to caress his arse with her toes and her arms were around his neck as their tongues danced with each other passionately.

Hermione breath came with a shudder as she felt something jump inside her, between her legs. Her hand unconsciously gravitated to her abdomen where they slowly slid down her pelvic bones towards the waist band of her panties. Her fingers slipped through the panties and Hermione gasped when she felt bolts of pleasure shoot through her when she touched her clit. Her other hand clapped against her mouth and she prayed she wasn’t heard. Harry let out a moan that mixed with Lillian’s own groan made her fingers dig into her labia and she knew she wasn’t heard. But that sudden fear of discovery made her realize what exactly she was doing and mortification and embarrassment filled her body. She wanted to turn around and run but for some reason she couldn’t take her eyes off the incredible sight in front of her brown eyes and this time, fully being aware of it, she began to rub her labia before parting them and teasing her canal.

Shame, excitement and pleasure were flooding her senses and Harry’s pace increased and the sound of their bodies slapping against each other grew louder. “Don’t you just love the sight of my body fucking you from above,” Harry breathed. His breath was more laboured and his control was slipping.

“Not as much as I love it tied up under me,” she breathed huskily and pulled him in for another kiss. Her toes were clenching and her calf muscles were tense with excitement for the impending orgasm.

Hermione felt her knees go weak as her fingers began to rub her clit more furiously. She felt that flame grow hotter inside her abdomen as the frequencies of the moaning and teasing of the teens making love grew louder and faster.

The room was charged with a sexual energy that brought all three of the same frequency. Hermione could feel something ready to explode inside her and Lillian’s grip around Harry grew tighter as his hips began to hammer into her and her own body began to experience intense pleasure that was making her go blind with it.

All of them orgasmed at the same time; Harry with a roar, Lillian with an erotic scream and Hermione with muffled gasps from behind her hand and she fell to her knees, unable to stand the pleasure wracking through her body.

The elemental’s bodies spasmed together and Hermione was panting on her knees, recovering from her first ever orgasm. Her body froze when Lillian turned her head and made contact with Hermione.

Their eyes were locked together and Hermione was paralysed with fear. She wanted to apologize profusely and turn tail and escape but Lillian’s electric blue eyes, encircled with red flames held her in place. The power and pleasure radiated by those eyes pressed into her very being and Hermione felt fear and an unrecognizable thrill crawl through her body.

Lillian’s lips curled into a smile and she poked Harry, whose body rubbing along hers and head buried in her neck, planting chaste kisses between his panting. “Look who’s here Harry,” Lillian murmured, grinning.

Harry turned and his eyes lit up at the sight of one of Lillian’s best friends, kneeling on the floor, her shirt lose and hand still inside her pants. She looked incredibly adorable and beautiful with that guilty expression on her face. Both of them knew Hermione was painfully waiting for some sort of response from them and being in their elemental states, the idea of adding Hermione to their bed appealed to them immensely. With the way they were right now they would have done the same even if it was a male kneeling before them, watching them make love.

Lillian broke the silence barrier and invited Hermione to join them. “Why don’t you join us Hermione,” she said. Harry rolled off of Lillian and leaned back onto the pillows. Lillian too sat up and crossed her legs and beckoned Hermione over.

“Wha-wha-what?” Hermione stammered. Her eyes couldn’t stop staring at Harry’s soft penis and the curly pubic hair above it, sticky with sex juices, lying on his thigh and Lillian’s puffy and red labia that was visible through the patch of black hair that covered it between her perfectly toned thighs. Her eyes flickered up her toned stomach to the curve of her modest breasts and tiny but hard nipples. They flickered to Harry’s broad shoulders, muscled abdomen and his solid chest to those silver ringed green eyes and smirking face and back to his penis that was twitching in an effort to get hard again.

“I-I’m so, so sorry!” Hermione began, quickly getting to her feet and walking backwards to the door. Her mind couldn’t take all this so suddenly and she had to get out of this completely unexpected and weird situation that she found herself in. She was being invited to join two naked people, one who was her best friend and the other a person who didn’t like her very much and was dating her best friend. Now they were asking her to join them to do what her mind had no trouble deducing. This was just too much.

“Hermione,” Harry said calmly. “Why don’t you calm down?”

His voice oddly had an immediate effect on her and she visibly calmed down but still looked terribly embarrassed.

“Now I want you to walk towards us slowly and one by one take of your clothes with each step,” Harry said, his eyes gleaming.

“What?!” Hermione gasped and looked to Lillian hoping to see her friend scandalized by Harry’s suggestion but all she found was an inviting smile. “This, this is outrageous,” she protested but didn’t walk away. A part of her wanted to join them; it was thrilled at the prospect of joining them and was urging her to accept the invitation. But her reason and morality still prevailed and she did not move.

“Hermione,” Harry said being gently sarcastic. “You just masturbated watching us have sex. Don’t you want to know what it feels like? Don’t you want to feel pleasure that you’ve never experienced before? Doesn’t it excite you to join us? Doesn’t it send shivers down your spine to do something that you’d never even think about doing in your otherwise normal life?”

“I…”

“Come on Hermione,” Lillian urged. “Don’t be afraid. You’ll definitely love this.”

“You’re a girl!” Hermione burst out but her defence was crumbling. The want to join them was rising in her and the voices of protest were one by one disappearing from her mind.

“And Harry is a man,” Lillian replied, running her fingers over Harry’s stomach and brushing against the tip of Harry’s penis.

“Now stop arguing and take of that shirt,” Harry said firmly. He grinned in delight when Hermione hesitantly gripped the bottom edges of her shirt. She gave a helpless look at the pair and then raised her shirt exposing her slim and pale abdomen, her full breasts that were held in a lacy red brassiere and then she stood before them in just her brown pants and red bra, blushing and averting her eyes.

“You’re beautiful Hermione,” Harry whispered and she really was. Her bushy hair was no longer bushy and thick but softly curled and long enough to completely cover her breasts.

Hermione raised her eyes to meet his at the compliment and she once again couldn’t believe that she was actually doing this. Her heart was hammering wildly but a feeling of excitement was beginning to empower her.

“Take a step closer and show me those lovely breasts,” Lillian said smiling broadly.

Hermione unclipped her bra, took a couple of steps towards them and slowly peeled it away revealing her creamy round breasts that were slightly hung because of their size. Her areola was quite large and her nipples long and hard.

“Now those pants and do it sexily,” Harry breathed.

Hermione took a couple of more steps and two sets of eyes, blazing with power and lust, gazed at those jiggling breasts. Hermione undid the button of her jeans, turned around and bent down while simultaneously sliding her jeans to her ankles and displaying her arse to the limited audience.

Harry’s nostrils flared in desire looking at that fleshy and delicious looking arse encased in red underwear that barely covered her arse.

Hermione stood up and turned around, giggling at her own daring behaviour and took a couple of more steps until she was right at the edge of the bed, in just her underwear.

Harry got up, leaned over Lillian and stuck a finger in those sexy panties and hooked his finger. “Good girl,” he said and pulled her onto the bed. Hermione felt tremors of pleasure travel through her body from the point from where Harry’s cool finger touched her skin.

“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” Hermione whispered out loud. She climbed on to the bed between Harry and Lillian, guided by the pull of Harry’s finger on her panties. She lay down between them and Harry half climbed over her while Lillian began to run her hands over her neck, breasts and stomach freely. Her fingers trailed circles around her nipples and Hermione wasn’t given the chance to gasp at the incredible sensations because Harry’s lips had descended upon hers and she greedily latched on, kissing him back with fervent passion. Lillian was now trailing kisses along her thigh and she hooked her fingers onto her underwear and pulled them down exposing her pussy.

Harry pulled away to look at her path to orgasmic bliss and he gasped, as did Lillian. Hermione was shaved clean between her legs. A wet, sticky and white cunt was staring at them from between those meaty thighs that Lillian had parted. Hermione heated up in embarrassment at their stunned looks and she tried to close her thighs but Lillian wouldn’t let her.

“I’ve never done this before,” she said in a small voice. “I’ve read about it but…”

Harry grinned and kissed her lips and cupped her breasts and squeezed lightly. “Don’t worry,” he murmured and took her nipple into his mouth, sucking on it. Lillian too kissed her legs all the way to her inner thigh but left her shaved pussy alone and kissed her hot abdomen before taking the other nipple into her mouth.

Hermione would only moan and clench the bed sheet under her as the treatment Harry and Lillian were giving her sent waves of pleasure crashing to her mind. Harry sucked harder and groped her roughly while Lillian was gentler but she tended to bite more often. The difference in attention to her breasts made her pussy even moister and once again her hand travelled down south. But before she could touch herself, another hand caught hers and pushed it away. It was Harry’s.

“You do nothing unless I tell you to,” he said softly, but the command in his voice completely encompassed and dominated her mind. Lillian and Harry met in a passionate kiss above Hermione before Harry moved down, between her legs and Lillian laid over Hermione, their breasts pressed up against each others. She bent down and ran her tongue all over Hermione’s trembling lips. “Close your eyes and kiss me Hermione,” she breathed seductively. “Kiss me like that’s all that matters to you right now.”

Hermione was caught in this spell Lillian was weaving and they began to make out heavily. Harry got completely hard at the sight of the two women rubbing their tongues together in front of him. He tore his eyes from the erotic sight and lowered his mouth and kissed the hood covering Hermione’s clit.

Hermione cried out into Lillian’s mouth and Lillian took advantage and stuck her tongue into her mouth and let her hands pinch and tease Hermione’s breasts. Hermione’s body was being assaulted by these two sexually charged beings and an orgasm erupted inside her suddenly making her scream and her body buckle violently. She came down from that incredible high and was panting as she felt the energy drain from her body. But Harry and Lillian didn’t stop and she groaned in protest. “Stop please,” she whimpered.

Harry lifted his head from between her legs and smiled wickedly. “We’re just getting started Hermione,” she said, his eyes alight with lust. “The main course is yet to be had.”

Hermione gasped when he adjusted himself and began to rub his rock hard penis up and down the length of her labia and gently began to part them with his penis head. “H-Harry!” she gasped in alarm. She couldn’t possibly take another orgasm! She thought in panic.

Lillian put her finger on Hermione’s lips and silenced her. She kissed her earlobes and kissed her slowly and soothingly as Harry began to push into her hole gently. “You’re going to love this,” she whispered. “Just relax and enjoy the feeling of having a penis massage the depths of your pussy. There’s nothing like it in the whole world.”

The tension and fear left Hermione’s body and she moaned when his penis penetrated her just a little. “You might need a little help there lover,” Lillian said to Harry with a broad grin. She shifted closer to him and wrapped her fingers around his penis eliciting a groan from him. She began to guide his movements into that virgin pussy adding half an inch with every pump to help Hermione adjust to the intrusion.

Harry summoned a fluffy pillow and put it under Hermione’s arse, lifting up her waist to give him a better angle.

Lillian removed her hands when Harry’s penis touched her hymen and she let Harry take control. She began to rub Hermione’s clit and nipples while Harry wrapped his arms around her waist and held her in place as he started to push harder while gasping at the feeling of her virgin vaginal walls clenching down on his penis.

“Mary!” Hermione cried out and one of her hands caught hold her Lillian’s wrist and squeezed it hard while the other tightened on the edge of the bed. Harry had just pushed a little harder and broken through her hymen. There was a sudden pain that flared from her vagina and tears leaked from her eyes.

“Relax Hermione,” Lillian said, kissing her forehead, nose and then mouth. “Let that pain pass. Don’t think about it.”

Hermione cried out in pain again as Harry pushed in further and Lillian whispered soothingly into her ear while massaging her shoulders. Hermione let go of the bed and wrapped her hands around Lillian’s neck to pull her in for a desperate kiss. She hungrily sucked on her best friends lips, biting them roughly and rubbing her tongues all over them. The pain was passing and Harry was thrusting into her again. The pain was ebbing and something else was taking its place.

Lillian broke away from Hermione and sat over her face. “Lick,” she commanded.

Hermione was feeling incredible pleasure rise in her as Harry began to pump into her faster and without even blinking she stuck her tongue out, grabbed Lillian’s waist and began to run her tongue between those puffy pink pussy lips. She pulled her down and kissed and sucked on her labia and Lillian gasped in delight.

Harry had his eyes half closed and he was panting as he began to piston in and out Hermione’s now deflowered pussy. Orgasmic pleasure was building in him rapidly and the sight of Hermione’s swaying breasts, her tongue dragging itself all over his girlfriend’s pussy only severed to exponentially increase the size of his impending explosion. He leaned further in began to thrust harder and faster.

Hermione’s body was swaying to his tune too fast to concentrate on Lillian’s pussy and she abandoned the effort and began to moan loudly as she felt something dangerously large build up inside her.

Lillian moved away and began to rub her clit, while eagerly waiting for Harry and Hermione to orgasm. Harry was pounding into Hermione uncontrollably and Hermione was a moaning mess under his body. Lillian grinned in excitement and began to rub herself harder.

Harry exploded with his penis buried to hilt. He cried out, arched his back as he pumped his semen into Hermione who, too, was gasping and writhing under Harry as her third orgasm exploded and sent her to orgasmic heaven. Her fingers were digging into the bed and her eyes were wide open as the orgasm continued to send ripples through her. Harry was still thrusting jerkily as his penis lost some of its hardness and he pulled out. A little stream of his semen trailed out of her vagina mixing with the blood and tissue on the bed which was a result of her virginity being lost.

Hermione lost consciousness after her orgasm and Harry laughed in delight.

Lillian stood up and walked to Harry, grabbed his arms and pulled him to his feet. Both of them were standing on the bed and Lillian wrapped a leg around his arse, pulling him in and kissed him hard. “We’re not done yet,” she growled. She lowered her hand and began to stroke Harry back to hardness.

“Who said we were,” Harry murmured. Sliding both his hands over her sweaty arse and lightly giving them a smack.

“Ooo, naughty, naughty,” Lillian said seductively.

Lillian quickly pushed him down on the bed and lay on top of his stomach. They had matching expressions of eagerness and anticipation as Lillian slid down, raised her hips, caught hold of his penis and angled it right under her dripping cunt.

They both moaned when Lillian began to sink towards his hips and engulf the penis into her depths. She was bouncing atop him in no time, keeping her back straight and hands gripping his thigh for support. She was panting in tandem with her movements and feeling her orgasm build with every bounce.

Harry raised his hands to grasp her breasts but Lillian pushed them away immediately in annoyance. She grabbed her wand, lying beside her, and conjured two handcuffs that in quick motion snapped onto Harry’s wrists and bound him to the headboard of the bed.

Lillian bent over take a hold of his arms and she locked lips with him and began to thrust violently. She wanted the orgasm and nothing else. Her body was a blur and she slammed into Harry’s pelvis with a loud squelch every time and she felt her climax approach, egging her to go faster. She was surprised when her handcuffs snapped; made brittle with Harry’s ice and she squealed when he rose up suddenly and turned the tables on her.

She was trapped under him and he was fucking her with equal gusto. Their wild passionate eyes, panting and moaning mouths met and Lillian tried to roll him over and get back on top. She didn’t realise how close to the edge they were and with a yelp they fell to the ground, Harry bearing most of the impact and Lillian getting back her favourite position; woman on top.

“Stay down Harry,” Lillian drawled through a moan as her hips gyrated against his with movements of a professional dancer. Throughout their dance for dominance, not once did they stop their hips from thrusting and building the orgasm in them.

Harry laughed. He wrapped his hands behind her arse and held firm as he stood up. No way, he was going to let her control him.

“Fuck yes!” Lillian hissed as she wrapped her legs around his waist and they fucked while standing.

Harry couldn’t keep up the position for long and he turned around and sat at the edge of the bed, Lillian straddling him, never letting up on their fucking.

She slid her arms around his neck and they kissed each passionately. Harry’s hands were digging into her arse, driving her onto his cock with powerful thrusts. They were so close to the edge of bliss and they both knew it.

A squeeze of his balls by her hands was the trigger that was needed for him to explode. His jaws were clenched tight and the incredibly high pressure in his balls was released. “Lillian!” he gasped pouring rope after rope of ice cold cum inside her bringing her to climax as well.

She cried out, arching back, her pussy clamping down hard and her nails digging into his back, as nerve wreaking pleasure hammered her senses over and over again.  

It was after thirty seconds of having orgasmic power gush through their bodies that their sexual energy left them and Lillian lay flat on Harry, both of them completely exhausted. Their elements retreated deep into their magical core, feeling thoroughly satisfied.

Without so much as a whisper, Lillian rolled off Harry and settled between Hermione and Harry. Harry wrapped his arms around her, bringing her into him and within seconds they were asleep.

The next morning Lillian was shocked to find Hermione, naked, in their bed. The memories of last night came rushing back to her and she realized in their elemental states, they had seduced Hermione!

“Oh my god,” Lillian whispered in shock. She quickly jumped off the bed and picked out her panty from the floor and slid them on hurriedly. “Harry wake up!” she shouted and quickly pulled her t-shirt over her, forgoing the bra.

Her voice aroused Hermione and Harry, who understood the situation immediately.

“What the hell Hermione!” Lillian shouted.

Hermione frowned in confusion. She recalled her incredible night and now seeing Lillian so angry and dressing up in a hurry quickly took her to the appropriate conclusion and question. But first, the feeling of horror and mortification got her to jump out of the bed and find her own articles of clothing.

Harry sighed and carelessly began to find his own. But before that, drew his wand and cast a body cleaning charm on all three of them. The dried body fluids were removed from their bodies and they immediately felt fresher. Lillian nodded her thanks to Harry and Hermione just clothed herself at full speed.

“Masturbating in front of your friends who are having sex? Seriously Hermione?!”

“Bu-but,” Hermione stammered. “Yo-you invited me! You didn’t let me go! You seduced me!!”

“We were in our elemental states,” Harry sighed. He didn’t know how to feel about this. He had had an incredible time last night. It had been orgasmic heaven and he was now looking at Hermione in a whole different way.

Lillian on the other hand was furious. She too had loved every second of last night and the fact that she hadn’t thought twice about it while being in her elemental state was inducing a rage in her. What the hell was Hermione thinking fingering herself in front of them! She thought furiously.

“This is not my fault!” Hermione defended. “I don’t know what came over me when I saw you but I never wanted to have sex with you. I wanted to run!”

“Not your fault?!” Lillian screamed.

“Calm down,” Harry interjected. “Shouting is not going to get us anywhere. It will only attract people and we really don’t want that now do we?”

“Calm down?” Lillian hissed. “You’re acting like this is all just going to disappear!”

“Will you calm down?!” Harry hissed back. “Let’s just talk about this!”

“I’m going,” Hermione said, her voice trembling and eyes tearing up. Shame was welling up in her and all she wanted to do was hide in a closet and cry her heart out.

The sight of Hermione crying did manage to douse Lillian’s anger and she sighed heavily. “Let’s just go down to breakfast and talk later,” she said through clenched teeth.

Harry nodded and put his arm around Lillian’s shoulders. “We’ll talk later,” he agreed.


It was a cold Monday night as everyone sat around the vast tables in the great hall stuffing their faces with the fantastical feast that was laid out for them. Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny were sitting in their little group, Harry and Ron were shovelling food into their mouths like they hadn't eaten in a week, occasionally looking up to add to the conversation, frequently spraying food at the same time.

Hermione looked up towards Ginny, shooting her a coquettish smile. The boys were deeply entrenched in their meal, seemingly oblivious to what was going on around them. Hermione cautiously leant in to Ginny, whispering into her ear, "Midnight, common room. Pyjamas, socks, nothing else." Hermione pulled away slowly and resumed eating her dinner. She glanced over to Ginny again with the same smile on her face, Ginny reciprocated giving a slight nod at the same time.

Trying to look as innocent as possible the girls looked back towards Harry and Ron who had almost cleared their plates. "So what are you boys up to tonight then?", said Hermione. "Dunno", said Ron. "I've no doubt you'll be pawing through that grubby old potions book again?".

"Well it's fascinating", said Harry, "I've still got no idea who it belonged to and every potion in there that I've made has come out perfectly. Professor Dumbledore asked me to get close to Professor Slughorn and I think this is the best way to go about it".

"What about you two?", said Ron. "Nothing much, I've got some homework to do and I might take a bath", said Hermione. "Same", said Ginny. Both girls looked back to their plates grinning to themselves.

The plates all disappeared and were immediately replaced by numerous delicious looking desserts. Hermione picked up her spoon and accidentally, but completely on purpose, dropped it under the table. "Oops". She stood up from the table and knelt down over the bench looking around for it under the dark table. As she found it, before standing back up, she discreetly touched a hand to Ginny's knee, running it up her skirt and, along her thigh. She moved her fingers ever closer to her warm and slightly moist pussy.

Bang! Ginny, literally having a knee-jerk reaction, had just smashed her knee into the table in reaction to Hermione's wandering hands. She painfully hid her expression on her face, which looked slightly more flushed than usual. "Ow!", said Hermione, with a huge grin on her face as she pretended to take the blame for the noise. She stood up, exchanging the grin for a look of discomfort as she pretended to rub her head where she'd 'banged' it on the table. "You doughnut", said Ron, caring as ever.

Hermione took her seat back at the table, glancing over at Ginny's slightly flushed face as she determinedly ate away at her ice cream.

The boys inhaled their dessert in a matter of moments and Harry stood up. "I'm gonna head back to the common room, anyone else coming?", said Harry. "I'll come with you, these 2 will probably start talking about homework or something equally as boring", said Ron. Hermione couldn't resist but say something slightly teasing back, "Oh no, we've got much more interesting things to talk about", giving them a wink and knowing they'd think nothing of it most likely, but secretly it was kind of true.

"Yeah, ok", said Ron sarcastically. "Cya later". Harry and Ron carried their laden stomachs out of the great hall as Hermione and Ginny sat quietly finishing their dessert.

The tables were quickly emptying as everyone had had their fill and started making their way back to the dormitories. Hermione stood up, quickly followed by Ginny and they started making their way back to the tower.

They strode out of the nearly empty hall and into one of the many long, gloomy corridors. After checking around that no one was in view, Ginny sent a searching hand down to Hermione's side which immediately connected with her hand. She locked fingers with Hermione and stared seductively into her eyes. The girls walked hand in hand for a few seconds before unlinking, anyone or any ghost could come round the corner at any moment.

"So what are we doing tonight?", said Ginny. "It's a surprise. Trust me, you'll like it. Just meet me in the common room at midnight, if anyone else is still up try and convince them to go to bed. Remember, pyjamas, socks, nothing else".

"Tease, Ok. It better be good", said Ginny with a smile.

The girls stepped through the portrait hole and went their separate ways. Ginny saw her boyfriend, Dean Thomas, who immediately beckoned her over, although she would much rather sit and cuddle up to Hermione, she relented and went to sit with Dean.

Hermione made her way upstairs to her dorm room, Parvati was alone in the room reading on her bed. "Hey Hermione", "Hey Parvati, are you coming tonight, I'm bringing Ginny", said Hermione excitedly. "I really want to but I've got so much homework to do, I'm gonna try and sneak out later and come for a few hours".

"That's a shame. It would be great if you can make it along later though", said Hermione as she started undressing. "I'm having a bath, if you don't see me in an hour can you make sure I haven't fallen asleep in it", Hermione said with a little laugh. "Sure", Parvati said, glancing over at a now half naked Hermione.

Hermione slipped her skirt off and peeled her slightly soggy underwear away from her crotch dropping them to her feet and kicking them to Parvati, "Something to play with while I'm gone", Hermione said, laughing as the musky underwear landed square on her face.

"Thanks", Parvati said with a sideways smile before sucking seductively at the soggy crotch and pushing them under her pillow. "Something to play with at least, if I don't make it".

Hermione kicked her socks off, pulled on a dressing gown and headed for the bathroom. She opened the door and walked in on Katie Bell fresh out of the bath. "Hey Hermione", said Katie with a cheeky smile. "Accidentally left the door unlocked again? You really should stop doing that", said Hermione. "Where would be the fun in that", she said with a mischievous smile. Hermione took off her dressing gown and hung it up. "Please tell me you're coming tonight, Parvati just told me she probably can't make it". "Oh I'll definitely be there, I love new members nights", Katie said with a huge grin.

"Excellent", said Hermione as she stepped into Katie's bath. "This is freezing!", Hermione stood there freezing cold and naked in the bath. She grabbed for the hot tap and put it on full.

Katie laughed at Hermione's typical over the top but cute expression on her face. "Sorry, I've been in there a while. I didn't feel well at dinner so came up for a bath, I've been masturbating and came in there quite a few times. You might want fresh water". Hermione smiled, "It's ok, nothing I've not had all over me before".

Katie walked up to the bath and wrapped her arms around Hermione's waist to warm her up as she stood there shivering, "Thanks", said Hermione. "Your welcome", said Katie, pushing her naked body close to hers. "You're not that cold!", she exclaimed. Katie ran her hand down the small of Hermione's back, tracing her fingers over her pert behind. Hermione stood with her legs apart slightly as Katie pushed her thumb inside her ass hole.

Her legs shook as Katie's thumb penetrated her ass, she pushed it in as deep as her hand would allow and wiggled it around a little before pulling it out. She popped the thumb in her mouth the second she removed it and started sucking at it, "Makes up for missing dessert, see you tonight", Katie said as though her mouth was full. She walked out closing the door behind her. Hermione winced slightly at Katie shoving her thumb in her mouth then slipped into the slightly warmer bath water.

She'd always had a big anal fetish, ever since Hermione had her first sexual encounter with her she was aware of it. Hermione, much like most of the other girls in the group, enjoyed playing with another girls ass as much as she did her own, but Katie would always take it that step further!

Hermione poured some bubble bath into the water, swooshing it around to make lots of bubbles as she lay back and enjoyed herself. She slid a few fingers between her legs and started casually masturbating in the water thinking about the fun Ginny was going to be having tonight.

Hermione, along with many other girls at Hogwarts, was a member of Nymphadora's Nymphos. It was a group she had joined about a year ago, after being introduced by Katie. Members (Nymphos) meet once a week around midnight on a Monday, in the room of requirement. The group is currently run by Nymphadora Tonks, a rather kinky but lovely witch, in her young twenties who took over the group some years back.

The group was almost always ran by it's oldest member, always a girl from Hogwarts who was already a member in the group. It was all very secret, getting in wasn't easy. Most members have to be invited by a friend in a similar situation to Hermione and Ginny. Everyone in the group has to discuss new potential members before they're brought into the group, but Hermione was very excited, as tonight she was bringing Ginny in, it was the first person Hermione had brought into the group and she couldn't wait to see the look on Ginny's face. She just hoped Ginny hadn't got too emotionally attached to her.

Hermione and Ginny had been involved in a semi-private sexual relationship since the end of the summer when she was staying at the Weasley's. It was semi-private, because after their first time together, Hermione had run off sending owls to Katie and Tonks telling them all about it and saying how great it would be for her to join the group. The pair got together after Ginny had caught Hermione masturbating in the bath. Hermione reacted cooly to being caught and asked Ginny to join her. Ginny had hesitated for a brief moment, but without a word she dropped her dressing gown and climbed straight in.

The two of them shared a rather intimate steamy bath, followed by a rather active session with each other on the bathroom floor. They grabbed whatever time they could together after their bath time fun until they got to school. Now they meet up as often as they can, getting up to all sorts of fun around the school.

Hermione pulled the plug and hopped out of the bath after having sat there for a good long while thinking about tonights fun activities. She grabbed her dressing gown, pulled it on and headed back to her dorm room.

Parvati had been joined by her best friend, Lavender Brown, who also shared their bedroom and was a member of Nymphadora's Nymphos. Hermione's entire dorm were now all members which made for some great late night parties outside of the club in their bedroom. It also made things a little easier when they were sneaking out as they didn't have to worry about waking each other when they were coming or going.

Lavender seemed to spend most of her time in the bedroom naked. After they had all joined, each girl decided they would be naked and sleep naked if they chose to and it made things at Hogwarts that little bit more exciting. Lavender would strip everything off the second she got in, Hermione had lost count of the amount of times other girls had walked in and seen her naked.

"Are you coming tonight Lavender?", said Hermione. "Of course, you're bringing Ginny in tonight aren't you?". Hermione nodded frantically and smiled back.

Hermione grabbed a towel from the dresser and slipped off her gown. She dried herself off and jumped on the bed grabbing her wand. She pointed it down and said, "Pilos-Feram". A few sparks shot out from the wand and she felt a tingling sensation as the tiny amount amount of hair that had grown back was removed from the front and back of Hermione's more delicate areas.

She set her wand down and laid back on the bed, legs stretched out, wiggling her cute clean toes. She stared at the clock beside her bed, 10:02. Still 2 more hours until she had to meet Ginny in the common room. These last few hours before the group met on a Monday night always dragged on, she hated it, tonight especially!

Ten minutes or so went by, very slowly, when Katie burst into the room. "Hey girls", she was wearing her gown which she quickly dropped to the floor revealing her naked body in it's fine form. She ran to Hermione's bed and jumped on top of her. "Ooof... Heya", said Hermione as she sat bolt upright grabbing Katie's legs that now straddled her.

Katie often spent her time in Hermione's bedroom, they saw quite a lot of each other and Katie didn't like her dorm, none of the girls were in the group and she often stayed with the girls in Hermione's room, sleeping with Hermione or one of the other girls and often sleeping top to toe.

"I'm so bored", Katie exclaimed. "I hate waiting around on Mondays".

"We know how you feel", said Hermione. "Think how I feel tonight, I'm so nervous! Ginny is the first person I've brought into the group". Hermione scooted back on the bed and spread her legs as Katie fell back into her arms. "You'll be great, it'll be easy, and so much fun", said Katie. As she lay back settling into Hermione's bare chest.

Hermione lifted her legs over Katie's, wrapping them around her as Katie laid her hands on them, tracing her fingers around her feet and playing with her toes. The girls sat chatting away the time, Fay Dunbar eventually came in and sat on her bed, joining in the conversation. Before they knew it the time had flown by and it was almost time for the group to meet.

"Katie you better go, I'm meeting Ginny in the common room at twelve, it would be best if you were already there instead of waiting in the common room tonight. Whoever else is going you best head out too. I'm meeting her in twenty minutes", Hermione finished with a nervous half laugh.

She unlocked her legs from Katie and they both sat up. Katie turned and kissed Hermione square on the lips, "You'll be fine, don't worry about it". She scooted off the bed and the other girls got dressed. "Oh to hell with homework", said Parvati, "I don't wanna miss this". All of the girls quietly headed out and off to the Room of Requirement.

Hermione stood up and paced around the dorm room for a few minutes thinking about what she was gonna say to Ginny when they met in the common room. With 5 minutes to go, she grabbed Harry's invisibility cloak that she'd managed to sneak away from his chest this morning and headed down to the common room to meet Ginny.

 
- See more at: http://www.hpfanficarchive.com/stories/viewstory.php?sid=1008&chapter=3#sthash.18qUPQau.dpuf