You doubt a game was leaked when it's been finished for a while and every Capcom fighter has been leaked 1-2 weeks early?
John Booty invented Post-it Notes.
Oh! Didn't I meet him at one of your shindigs?
Calling in Ree and Brue for helping me move!!! Thank you sooooo much
Q: What did you name your triplets?


A: A pair of scissors, glue and a little elbow grease.
Are you guys really having a tough time with the instances? They're a bit tougher for sure but with some gear, I think they're going to be a walk in the park, we're still doin a bit of AoE here and there. I do love having to lay down a bit of CC though. 

Anyone tried the heroics yet? I've been playing too much LoL to get to cap (which is going surprisingly fast!) but if they're still like what they were on beta, they're a REAL challenge! Almost @ TBC levels of difficulty which I'm definitely loving. 

I will say though, I kind of wish they didn't allow old world flying right at level 80. I've been leveling through Hyjal (did vasjir on beta) and something about it just feels off. Maybe it's the lack of a new texture set, or the linear nature of the quests but the whole thing just feels hollow to me. The hubs are rather close and you can literally mount up to hop between mob locations and something just doesn't feel like it did in TBC or Wrath where quests and quest interests were far more spread out. I'm not sure what the deal is heh.
4.2L 267 HP Inline 6.

I've already found a computer-controlled, high-voltage ignition system to replace the notorious jaguar lucas ignition.. I'm looking into the possibility of doing a carb swap to the beefier triple SU setup found on the RHD version.
I dig the little costumed plushes, but I'm going to have to take the cape off if I get the devil. Tail &amp; horns seems like just enough.
Gosh, I feel like this game wont come out for a long ass time.
Given the complexity of Xenoblade's story, that's probably what takes the longest amount of time.  The game engine, graphics, much of the mechanics, looks pretty complete, even from just that one video sample.
  
Gosh, I feel like this game wont come out for a long ass time.I'd THINK they would make it easy to acquire this time around in the US just from how successful Xenoblade did..  187K pre-orders.  It's like come on.
Hard to say.  It was apparently only by accident that Xenoblade got listed on Amazon as being able for preorder that got Project Rainfall started, which ultimately tipped NOA's hand.  They're a bit odd in some of their game marketing decisions lately.  I just hope they keep with the British voice acting if they do make it for the US.  Something about US voice actors in RPG's doesn't quite work.
  Botched that quote usage.  One of the few times I wish we could edit posts.    I am really on a role tonight.    *roll.  Damn it.  
&lt;3 you guys too.
There must be photographic evidence!! Thems the rules.

Can we say no? Or does that break the thread?

No.
  
  
 You suck. You missed the post-BC gossip.  

Dude, more like JetBlue sucking cock for now allowing me to get home till 3am!
what's the highest?
Oh hey there ass thread, I'm sorry it's been like 20 pages since I last posted in you.
Thursday party people, hoooooooooooo!
They sent the authors letters in February telling them their rankings were being taken away and that they were no longer going to be listed in searches, though. That's what makes me not lean towards trolling...the emails came directly from Amazon staff. Here's a link to what Mark Probst got from them: 
I'm leaning towards someone on the low end of the company put their fingers in the pie for right now. And I'm still not giving the company any cash until they properly clear this up.
Censorship is evil.
anddd done
 It's a vagina, not a clown car.  Sheesh.  

This is a great line and my thoughts exactly!
Oh man thanks for bumping this you guys.
Dear most teenage members of OB (Rumble Rose Konami, Vasha, Mel, Kasai, et al),

Thank you for being infinitely cooler than a certain underage ass-peddler who has been shitting up the boards lately.

I hope you know that when I say things like, &quot;Shhh! The grownups are talking!&quot; it's not directed at you.  Because you don't act like children.  In fact, many of you conduct yourselves in a manner that is more &quot;grownup&quot; than some of your adult counterparts (myself included).  

You guys rule.

&lt;3 Donkey
COUPON



Hey guys, remember 39dollarglasses.com? For a couple more days they're offering $17 off prescription sunglasses.
It seems like this thread is as good as any to say the following:

If you can seriously think to yourself, &quot;Whatever, it's just the internet,&quot; when you read or post on OB, you have completely missed the point of this site.
when he pulled out the pistol I thought that was hilarious

you gotta give respect to get respect, and it seems like the teen doesn't do a whole lot.  She'll get over her angsty phase and learn that if you want something you gotta work for it.

When I was her age I felt that was, but she doesn't have the basics of responsibility.  Being able to make your bed, while a petty task, sets the stepping stones for being able to so other things for yourself.  She needs to learn to not be whiny and realize that she doesn't have it as bad as she thinks.

If she had a black, latino, or asian parent i'm not sure she'd be so lucky.
This guy and I were hitting it off really well.  And then he offered to by my sugar daddy.  Awkward much?
I got the announcement through IRC.
You didn't really &quot;discuss practical means of promoting atheism,&quot; at least not until starting off with something that's easier to read as &quot;mean atheists!&quot; than you think it is. I get that that wasn't your intention now, but it seemed kind of an unprovoked way to lead in a thread about someone passing away.

But then I started off by laughing about Twitter so what do I know.  Like reading your post at first, it came off a lot like a reaction to something that hadn't happened in the thread yet. Granted it might well eventually have, but I think that's why it seemed inapproriate.  
  
  
 So, because they're personal choices for someone I can't think they're stupid choices and unattractive? Riiiiiight.  

No. You're totally allowed to have that opinion just like I'm allowed to think it is BS.  I'm also allowed to joke about it on the internet. In several of your posts, you spoke in a lot of generalization and with a tone that felt as if you were stating a fact. &quot;It just doesn't look good&quot; rather than &quot;I don't feel it looks good.&quot; I felt at the time that the conversation was getting pretty serious for judgements being made of people's personal choices. 

Then again maybe it is me. I fucking love tattoos and piercings are often a plus too. If a hot guy has some nice, well done, well placed tattoos it exponentially adds to his hotness for me.

Beyond that, whatever. It's all good. It's like 1AM and this is super tl;dr now. Later, guys.
im drunk on you love
Who wears short shorts? Ulyth and Deathwing, that's who!
got back with an fb. 

after having unprotected sex with a 19/20 year old for 1.5 years,
sex with a girl my age with a condom did not work out at all! It's like I didn't even feel anything after a while. I tried to save it by asking for some head, but she said it was too early. so i fizzled out. but it's all good because i think we were both unexpectedly tired lol.

a couple things to work on: 
-i'm just going to stop beating off. period.
-need to start buying magnum condoms :( aren't they a lot more expensive?
Holy balls I need to not drink when I'm depressed.
Cryptic, I dont give a shit what ya did in AV chat, I wasnt there so I am completely oblivious to your retardation. 

Let's see: In your profile it says that you like to smoke. Hmm. I have smoked since age 14, and up to age 30. Quit 6 months ago. From age 16 on I realized that it was a very retarded thing to do. I am trying to be sensible. If ya like to smoke fine, but to advertise it first thing, uh, mental are ya?

Cult leader huh? Might I suggest massive amounts of tranquilizers? Cause it seems to me that you cant get one out of a bunch of nerds on the fucking internet to do anything or agree with you at all. That says something about you. 

How did pedophilia and anal get into the same thought dude? What is wrong with you?

Bottom line, you are a fucking idiot who is not living in reality.

Oh and your profile pic is screaming that you are TOTALLY that guy!
  Please dont explain what happened in AV, I just dont give a shit.  
Diaper genie.  

I've heard mom's chit-chatting during baby showers how diaper genies are amazing.
Some fucking best friend you're turning out to be. Great.
Hold on, brb  aaaand uploaded  
 Gregory Maguire - Wicked Years 03 - A Lion Among Men 
  
 I've enjoyed all of his work so far with the re-telling/warping of classic fairy tales. 
   

Someone wrote a book about Ryan finally???
Mods plz advise, this is all bewildering to me:


Note: this is the first time this member's profile has been approved. There might be a delay after you hit &quot;save&quot; while email notifications are being sent.

Current Profile - Prss.Hima

Say hello, and tell us a bit about yourself!
All my life I'v watched anime. My first was The Little Mermaid 

Do you think long distance relationships can work?
Can never work out. I always end up cheating on them ;(

What's some of your music? What have you been listening to lately?
I hart every kind of music but 60's&amp;80's music, accept for Jimi Henrix,Bob Marley,&amp;Ozey Ozborn
It's cool, he's donating to Locks of Love.
You guys forgot to add the elitist angle.
I got a job interview in the morning!
If I have to wait on hold indefinitely, get transferred about 1234x, then have the call drop, and then have to start the whole goddamn process over again only to finally have some bitchy customer service lady tell me &quot;Well I'm not sure who told you that was covered, because it definitely isn't&quot; I am going to fucking cut someone. I swear to god.


I can't believe I am still dealing with bills from this fucking surgery NINE MONTHS LATER because the billing center is apparently retarded. 

Getting surgery at school was the worst decision I ever made. I should have just taken the quarter off and had it done elsewhere. 

Seriously, UCLA medical can go FUCK itself. They only care about you if you're a high-paying, non-student customer. OH, but if you actually go to their school? Nope, you're SOL! Seriously, all the surgeons and the physical therapist care about is filling up their schedules. The lack of information and assistance I've been given is pretty astounding. 


  Let me give you an example: The last time I went to physical therapy, my therapist spent at least 15 minutes of our 45 minute session just chatting with another therapist, and then playing some game on her fucking iphone. I kid you not. This is the kind of bullshit you get to deal with if you are a student who gets surgery at UCLA.    All of this is even more fun because I am still having problems with my leg and they are getting worse with time, not better. All of this medical crap stresses me out so much. I am never taking good health for granted, ever again. &gt;_&lt;  
Going with tinychat again tonight. CLEOPATRA 2525 IS JUST TOO IMPORTANT.

  JK STICKAM IS WORKING AGAIN.  
Q: Wrong! Conan, what is best in life?

A: I caught a wild 'M.
Whose scanlation do you read?  I stopped keeping up when Mangastream took Shonen Jump off their updates.
I might try that... he does hate going outside when it's raining, so it might work. Actually the doc put him on prozac, but we are not seeing any difference yet. I hate having him on meds, but we are having house guests a lot and it gets really crazy.
Re-Reading all my old Anne McCaffrey PERN series books. Starting with Renegades of PERN. SO GOOD.
AION FOR $10? Get ready for dope-ass elf angel titties, all day erry day!
No way John, Beauty and the Beast was nominated for a Best Picture and it outdated Lion King. You're just a crazy hunk of man.  I actually think the are video games art question is super interesting and we should debate the SHIT out of it    wait no. i just realized who would be involved in such a debate.


oh god.  
I'll tell you what's up, God dang IHOP. That's what's up.
I think Moonage would be a perfect Mad Eye Moody.
Maybe he has yet to perfect the dope elf titty-fuck.
*prints and laminates his*
Doood I hate these threads.  So much.
Doesn't look like that horizontal size limit will be changing anytime soon - people who can already see my FOPs, PM me for fullsize! I'm in a giving mood, it's Christmas! :D
Oh my God, that's like saying Mario Brothers is breaking the law because you can't just go straight to the final level.

Every video game has progression like that. If you could already play all the songs, it wouldn't be as fun, and it wouldn't last as long. It gives you something to work towards.
 Received this morning: 
  
 &quot;You're the best piece of ass north of the Mason-Dixon line.&quot;  

Who's the one south of the Mason-Dixon line?
I bought Xtian a 10&quot; Global Chefs knife for xmas, and also picked myself up a really cute ceramic Koi 8&quot; knife for $10! It's super light and sharp w/ a small handle, plus it's PINK
You know, I want to punch pretty much everyone who has posted in this thread in the face.  
  
 Seriously guys.  
  
  
 So you didn't like some fairly well renowned book/author. Oh man! Isn't that out there?  
  
 Maybe you didn't care for some cla...
Hmm....yeah, I still stand by my statement that Diary is the worst piece of shit I have ever picked up.  It was poorly written, the plot was retarded, and I definitely spent the whole book calling the dumb bitch a dumb bitch for saying what was probably happening and then letting it happen anyway.

Guys, you really don't feel the need to just pick up a copy of Catcher in the Rye sometimes?  I must have at least a hundred copies by now.
Oh and to actually answer the question...

Riesling Poached Pear
Salty Caramel
orrrrr
Dark Chocolate

 This came up in AV the other night and it bears repeating - FFVIII is awful and if you like it, you're awful.  

That isn't an unpopular opinion.  Also, I'm going to keep playing it and I don't care if you don't like that!    I should mention that I'm only playing because I didn't finish it, not because I'm a fan or something.  
Two pairs of shoes and a tank top.


hoooot hooot
So, I picked up Android: Netrunner because so many people have been talking about it and saying good things. I finally sat down tonight and played two games with a friend of mine.

Wow.

This is a *really* complicated card game, and extremely intimidating for people who aren't dedicated gaming geeks. It took us nearly an hour to figure out how to play the game, and that's not counting the first game that we totally fumbled through. Do not expect to just sit down and play this game without putting some serious time into it.

However, once we got the rules down (though we were still looking up errata from time to time in the second game), the game really started to shine. There's a LOT of strategy involved in this game, including elements of misdirection. The concept and gameplay are really great once you get into it, and there's a lot of subtlety in play.

This is definitely an advanced game, but worth the time investment to learn, I think. The two games I played were both really tense, with a lot on the line.

Good stuff.
john and steph just made my holiday season SO much brighter.




I think he's trying to impress her with his amazing ability to pick apart and quantify pictures. It's just like CSI! And chicks like CSI, right?
Dear Guild,

Thank you for giving me hours of laughs after I linked 2girls1cup.com in my vent comment. You guys are the best guild I've joined ever. See you in Kara tomorrow night.

&lt;3
Charmin
you guys have leftovers?
 Cho 
  
 otakubooty.com/op.asp?i=1946 
  
 I have no idea why she stopped coming around but I had such a crush on this girl when I first joined. :(  

She's a friend of mine (and I use that term pretty loosely since we only ever talk if we bump into each other at cons or something). She was going through a bit of a rough phase awhile back, but she's doing alright now.
I would say good night, but it's 10:48 am here (6 hours from Ohio time) and I'm getting ready to go to the Albert Cuypmarkt with some of my mom's friends (they're kinda taking me under their wing since my leaving my ex and Germany)...I'm gonna buy some exotic Chai Tea and a bunch of cheap market stuff ;) Oh1 And eat Turkish pizza!!! 


So Gutennacht all and Gutenmorgen!!
My OCD has made a packing list.
...It has also already started crossing things off.
Sometimes I have to poop really bad in the morning, and I take my coffee with me.
Who wants to chip in to buy matt a collapsible police baton &amp; some pepper spray for his birthday?
Everyone should go to the September 19 show! Because that's when I got my tickets for; it's the day after my birthday and I'm milking that weekend for all it's worth.

I couldn't help but notice the color of the nail polish on the flyer. It's the attention to detail that tells you this is going to be amazing.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR HEAD, BOOTS?!?
I got many of the symptoms mentioned in the article just from reading the article.

Ban articles!
I survived with nothing more than some gross liquid spilled on my foot at the Steel Pier. Which I hope doesn't turn into foot herpes or something gross.

But after the first night I did wake up with both ribs aching. I think it was from hugging so many people (and reaching to hug, hello shorty).
Dear ???????

Here's an insult for you, YOU STUUUPID!

Love,
Jason
262) 914-1125

Booooooored, and can't sleep.
My husband asked for a divorce two weeks ago and I've been living with my mom. What kind of selfish bastard ignores his wife on a MMORPG to chit chat with another female (who he claims is like a sister) for 19 hours and then the next day completely crushes her with the news that he doesn't love her and wants his freedom back a few weeks before their 3rd year anniversary???? Apparently mine. =.= I'm not looking forward to February at all. I'm having to start over completely and be alone on v-day, yet I can't find myself angry with him and I keep wishing I could have had a chance to save our marriage. He didn't even give me that.
Stephen Colbert is a handsome dude.
As a counterpoint to what Kyle just said, making a joke about him having sex with a retard is the reason I got modded. I encourage everyone to never let anything go.
texttexttexttexttexttexttexttexttext
I predict that the Rangers will make the playoffs and dr_z will once again pussy out on coming to Long Beach to watch the first weekend game and wear my Rangers jersey as she was contractually obligated to do via the bet.

Because she's a pussy.
 Gets yanked out of the form by cosmic forces beknownst only to Killian and the GTFO squad. 
  
 I GTFO.  

Stop embarrassing Philadelphia!
ITT: you've heard a rumor. Once you bring it before this court of public opinion and e-diluted 'facts' it shall be publicly confirmed/denied by any who wish to offer evidence in the matter.

To get the ball rolling:

Tanya- I heard that your fist can turn any vagina into a wormhole that leads directly to a Five Guys Burgers and Fries. Anyone who wishes to offer evidence for or against this rumor may do so now. Anyone who wishes to present their own rumor may also do so now.
You know, I think I made it an entire year without hearing a single new metal song. Or at the very least not any made that year.
-My phone number.
Ohhhhhh if you ruin anything for me I will murder you.
today i learned katy is a model and a damn fine one.
 its not like they were selling the kid into slavery..people sell sperm, eggs, rent out their vag to be surrogates..why is selling the finished product so horrible?  

Were they making sure the kid went to a good home?  Doubt it.  For all they knew it could have been going into slavery(a.k.a. human trafficking, which is illegal).  I highly doubt they were getting background checks done.
nomad2112
 Posted elsewhere, but I'll post again: 
  
 www.denverpost.com/harsanyi/ci_15687872 
  
 Sums up my perspective pretty well.  

Too much work to take marriage from the state.  Think about all the tax codes and laws they'd have to change / reform.
I say call a lawyer and sue. Miranda rights not read? WTF! I clicked on the old white guy with the afro and was not disappointed though.
 Izeekial cack!!!  I felt it was time to unleash it a little due to requests lol.
ICYMI: The games were released early by small retailers in Canada and Italy, and there are leaks abound, some earlier leakers shut down by Nintendo the next day. If you're trying to avoid spoilers, avoid r/pokemon and /vp/.

If you want spoilers, know that the starters' final evolutions were revealed, a few evolutions of previously revealed new pokemon, a couple new first stage ones, and a Mega Evolution of a certain awesome Gen 1 'mon.
it made me laugh soooo much the first time i saw it.......well it still does
 I will probably be able to make it again this year. I am clean and nice and WHO WANTS TO PARTY HARD-ISH?  

OHHHH YEAHHHHHHH
FUCK YOU PAT!!! YOU SISTER FUCKING DICKWAD!!! I can't believe you actually bought the liquor that her drunk enough to sleep with you. YOU ARE A REAL PIECE OF SHIT!! I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL AUSA!! I'M GONNA BEAT YOUR FUCKING SKULL IN!!
 South Korea represent!   
 I wonder if that Bakersfield login is me a couple months ago or someone else.  

No no no.  

It doesn't use the IP address where you logged in.   As I said in the opening post, it uses the location that you voluntarily supplied when you filled out your profile!  In other words, the markers on that map are what you typed in here: 
I /do/ record the last /n/ (I forget how many) IP addresses for each member, but I currently don't do anything with them as far as converting them to lat/long coordinates.

I prefer the location stuff to be strictly voluntary.  If we ever did do anything with IPs and geocoding, it would be strictly opt-in.  Also, geocoding IPs is not very accurate, as we all know.  It's usually where your ISP's backbone connection is and sometimes that's a couple of towns away or more.  And obviously things would get even more inaccurate if you're using a proxy, etc, blah blah blah nerd stuff blah blah.  
Leave it to BITL to whack the hornet's nest and be mad they came out and stung his dumb ass.  With posting like yours, it's not hard to figure out why the only OB resource you've been welcomed to is Rumpleteaser's vagina.  Ok, that was bad even for me.  
Here's a cool video of the Wii lineup...

(Assuming this isn't already posted around here somewhere.)


Thread over, everybody go home.
I speak French, and I can attest to the fact that all of Nomad's translations are 100% accurate. Especially that last one.
After meeting all my fucking hot sexy wild hilarious intelligent kinky witty friends the other night, writer David concluded that we broke up too early.  He was amazed at everyone there, and kicked himself a little knowing he'd missed out on opportunites to get some hardcore swinging in with some of the best people on the continent.  He is my power animal, and hearing him confirm the caliber of my super fucking cool friends is very validating. 

Barron and I did not fuck today.  We rose, drank tea and ate fruit, and then proceeded to do shit that both of us fucking hate that our anxiety has been keeping us from doing.  Both of our finances are in ruins, but after several hours of hard work, phone calls, sending forms, opening letters, and researching, we were in a MUCH MUCH MUCH better place.  Neither of us sat and wiped each other's ass, we just kept each other company while we cruised through really tough shit with a lot of shame and self-loathing attached to it.  Barron was rewarded in his attack on his mail pile by finding two large-sum uncashed checks from the state. 

 We went to his bank to deposit money, bought tickets for Zola Jesus tomorrow, I did a bunch of our laundry, we cleaned, moved seats into my van, cooked food, and got him to work a half hour early.  As we were sitting in the parking lot, amazed at our efficiency, it dawned on us that we were highly productive on days we didn't fuck.  Then he got a boner.  I asked if he wanted a handy before his shift but he was nervous to do so close to his job.  We instead discussed the circumstances under which I squirted last night, both got turned on, had to talk down his boner, then sent him off to work so I could go get my crazy pills filled before going home to put together a care package for my poor and sick friend.

So our game plan tomorrow is more shit we hate doing, fuckin', then going to see Zola Jesus and bonding with a duo of Andys (two different ones than my former lover, but I totes bet that one will be there too).  And then probably more fuckin'.

Dragging oneself out of severe anxiety is so hard, but it's amazing that once you get on your feet how manageable things can become instead of just seeming like a constant fucking nightmare.
Congrats and huzzah, you two!!! -throws rice-
  
 Perhaps it means you've not whipped Gnosis enough? Perhaps a larger crew of floggers.  

Your idea has merit. I will take it under advisement.
Seriously. 

Let me break it down with no spoilers. Certain people will walk out of this movie in disgust.
Rumble Rose Konami posted this 2 days ago on 11/04/05
Usagi Kou goes hand in hand with this sort of thread. No one mentioned her because it's such an obvious thing to say when talking about insane anime fans. 

I can't believe I'm saying this but she's really not THAT bad.  Yeah, she's been a crazy-ass bitch, but it does seem that it has occurred to her that she needs to shape the fuck up, and it looks like she has been.  A ton of my cosplay and con friends were really tight with her and directly involved with the drama, and they all seem to be taking her back now.  She seems to have a better sense of reality now, which is good.

But in other LOLs, a picture of the Sephiroth-obsessed girl :D
OH GOD IT BURNS
last one!

Miracle. She wasn't supposed to live past a week...she turns four this year.
Anyone continuing to say negative things about my man, and future husband Ovetchkin is cruising for a bruising

Continue crying because your team isn't nearly as awesome as the capitals. Continue crying because your team isn't going to take it all this year.

GO CAPITALS!!!!




--
on a really cool note, Chrispy and I were about 15 rows back for that fight. If you were cool and a Caps fan you could have been there too. but you were probably too busy crying and menstruating because you're a bunch of pussies.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXHOLIC! Nice new pics!
That's a totally accurate criticism of &quot;Stuff You Missed In History Class.&quot;  

I mostly listen to podcasts while driving to work to keep myself sane, so usually I kind of want something halfway between &quot;local radio stations&quot; and &quot;actual content with real educational value.&quot;  

So I'm usually okay with &quot;Stuff You Missed...&quot; because it's the top ten Google results about something that I never would have Googled.  Also it's hard to Google while driving.

I actually don't like Dan Carlin's Hardcore History because that guy's demeanor makes me want to hit him. I don't know why. He's not particularly over-the-top or anything.

The series ended a year or so ago, but I think you can still download it... &quot;The History Of The World in 100 Objects&quot; is this BBC series I really liked.  Each episode is a short podcast about an object in (a particular famous London museum whose name I can't recall).

They use the object to tell the story about the society that made it, and the various factors (trade! war! art!) that led to the object's creation.
Pussycat wasn't a kitten
not as dumb as they thought
She had a good head on her shoulders 
A beauty that couldn't be bought
The royalty made her an offer
if she'd keep trouble at  bay
they'd give her the money and diamonds 
be queen for a day

  
 Just imagine, their jobs will probably be outsourced to the US.  

that's ironic.
I gifted this calendar to my boyfriend and he loves it! (I love it too!) It's hanging up in his living room!
The original number is supposedly 616 anyway! That's 50 less stabs!
Because I am going to go with the flow. Just go with the flow!
i love this one, as a musician, and also as a drunk.
A, unless you really would have him back if he repaid the money, which I'm not really convinced is a great idea.
AVG sucks. Avira or Avast! are the best free and/or paid solutions for anti-virus solutions.
In a certain type of industry, yes, it does show that you are &quot;ready for business.&quot;
In like Flynn.
Check out the new board/minis/card store in town and introduce myself to all the nerds in charge.
Good job Zim, I hear resisting ham is the hardest part in converting to Judaism
Though I'm not sure if it actually counts, Ghost Stories.  The ADV ad-libbed version.  
Merriam Webster disagrees, Amanda!

I'm not talking about society or institutional racism. I'm talking about people being RACIST, meaning an individual being racially bigoted.
I think you mean the Otaku Crusades... since when does Bill Cosby and his posse care about us fans of anime.
Blood Bowl: Legendary Edition is on sale through Impulse for $10 this weekend.

I got nothin'.

Someone school me.
 Logan.  Logan.  Logan.    also, hello there, sweetgeek.

how were we not friends like, six months ago?  
This is my and Brue's Arrival and departure schedule. Any help would be grateful! 

Trip information:
Wed Jun 22, 2011
Depart State College, SW Corner of Walmart Parking Lot - 1665 N Atherton St. at June 22, 2011 11:00 AM arrive Philadelphia, 30th St Station at June 22, 2011 2:40 PM


Trip information:
Tue Jun 28, 2011
Depart Philadelphia, 30th St Station at June 28, 2011 1:00 PM arrive State College, SW Corner of Walmart Parking Lot - 1665 N Atherton St. at June 28, 2011 4:50 PM
HOLY CRAP, THEY'VE GOT WALTER JONES! SOLD.
Because if you haven't watched it, you're a fucknut

I'll start with what may be the two best sentences ever paired

TOM NUTALL: My bicycle masters boardwalk and quagmire with aplomb! Those that doubt me suck cock by choice!
We love you long time.


  
  
 Lucky, congrats! =D  Knowing my luck it's already broken when I open the box this evening haha.  OK the slims are freaking sexy in every sense of the word.  Why was this not the first design?  
Marina I'm sorry but you are exactly three weeks too old for that. Why didn't you get it four weeks ago!?!? If only

Why is this in the dirty forum?
This latest issue. Can't wait for Rick to shove that bat down Negan's throat. 


Pffft I'll take her over 007 anyday
I'm sensing a collection in the offing.
Got my Frostblade Hatchet! Wooooooo!
Oh god ICQ I used that shit like ONCE
Jive filter! 'sup, 1983 wants its code back
Please draw me as Jack Bauer interrogating John Booty for some obvious reason apparent in the surroundings.
I'm doing that in LA!

Hil, your new FOP's are fun and adorable! Also, your nipples never cease to fucking amaze me!
I'm so tempted to join this site to see what kind of weirdos I can attract.
	                                 So I'm leaning more toward the Duet 35 with it being that it's more convenient and close.  What food... Don't you think that's a little... uh... uh...
I keep getting error:2005...?
A Vivian with at least a 25% decrease in cunt status.
Doesn't have lights or anything yet, but the trains are set up and we have a tree!
sitting around in my swimsuit after hot tubbing gave me a diaper rash FUCK THIS
All of this rain is fucking my janx UP!  I WANT TO PLANK THE STAIRS!  I ate a super-dense lunch today expecting the weather to break and it didn't.  Yeah, they moved the bootcamp indoors...but I didn't pay for these sessions to do shit I could do in a gym or at my house.

I'm starting physical therapy again tomorrow because my knees have been really sore and I find that I'm losing balance when I get up a lot more than I used to.  I want to have someone look at this shit because if I have to stop because I'm an idiot injuring myself then i will be pissed.
I'm also recommending Serei no Moribito Ghost in the Shell Stand Alone Complex Season 1 and 2.

I'd say Gantz but it has a reluctant teenage hero and it does have some breast shots and perverse humor but i don't think they really try to follow the standard anime guidelines it's too bad that it was only 26 episodes and barely scratches into the magna.
Fuck the haters, Guy Fieri is awesome and I'd gladly double team some Vegas hookers with him while doing coke and eating BBQ. Cause that's how we roll. 

-unfriended


Looks cute, but I can't figure out a goddamn thing they're saying.

Well, now, aren't you regretting not taking French when you had the chance?

EMP bombed you mean?

unless by EMF you mean ElectroMagnetically Fucked
I'm not entirely certain this justifies a thread, and it is definitely neither &quot;News&quot; nor &quot;Comics.&quot;

Jerk.
There have been some illustrated pictures getting approved lately.  Let's not revive that debacle... plz to not b approving illustrations.
Another one.
There's a great funk band that does shows pretty often here on campus (cant think of the name), and they performed here tonight, actually. I can hear and see the show from my dorm window - and they played not one but 3 george clinton covers. 

I rocked out.
Here ya go!
I think she's telling you that you have a nice rack.
......................................
I could not be more excited about the next chapter.  He better not cut to something else.
My fucking bed is broken....fuck, fuck, FUCK!
I'm willing to give Charizard the benefit of the doubt here. She's not a mom and really young and the thought of a bunch of moms doing FOPs doesn't necessarily appeal to everyone. I can get that.

But mentioning pedophilia, that's a stretch. No one is saying to take pics of the baby. I'm not sure what 'baby stuff' is objectionable, because like Sharona said when you have kids their stuff is everywhere.

As far as moms taking FOPs goes though,. I'm sure the other moms can agree that having people think you still look hot after all the crazy changes your body goes through during pregnancy is one of the best feelings in the world. I don't think you can truly grasp that unless you've been there.

That said, who wants to see my scars and stretch marks?
I had to do it as soon as I saw her pic.

Good ol Stcolapop


I would want Relaxed (+Def,-Spd) or Sassy(+SpDef,-Spd) since Pikachu has plenty of speed to burn but is completely subpar in the defensive categories--and most of its attacks are special, not physical.

Unless you are planning to leave it with Quick Attack or Slam. Or teach it MEGAPUNCH.

I have never ribbon'd a Pokemon, so I've never even gotten a massage at the Ribbon Club ;_;
I wish I could show you one of my exes &quot;HOT TOPIC&quot; tattoo. I wish I was kidding.
I'm actually a big fan!
So, there's this ginger kid that showed up in my house and apparently, 24 years ago today, she was born.  Now, I didn't know that gingers were born.  I thought they reproduced by spores. Maybe this is her germination day.  There is no way to know for sure.

Happy birthday, bb.  Love you!
 
  
 Butbutbut the only problem is then we're SOCIALIST and the next thing you know you wake up one morning and your children are goose-stepping to school to say &quot;Muslim Terrorist Chairman Obama is always right&quot; and learn Chinese instead of English...

OH MY GOD WHAT WAS I THINKING. NEXT I'LL WANT BETTER EDUCATION FROM TAX MONEY TOO.
You feel that you can gain no more experience in this skill right now.
I love the Comcast Center
Why does everyone joke about me being on bang bros.? You guys know damn well that I'm a greedy betch. If I want to make money off of my body I'll just make my own site and keep 100% of the profit. :P

...HMMMM.
skyknyt 22 hours ago on 06/01/06
Equipped: N00dz of Ashe named &quot;Creepier because they're from her brother...&quot;
This actually sounds awesome. I can buy a game SPECIFICALLY to play a bad guy and annihilate a bunch of holier than thou hypocrites. It's like playing Chaos in WH40k.


AMEN BROTHA! Better get to gamestop and put in my preorder. I'll finally have my ticket to hell on paper.


Ya know I read the first few books even though I'm not remotely religious and they were actually intersting. Then they started praying and all that every 2 pages instead of telling the story :( I stopped reading them.
  
  
 J-Rock424  

Excellent! I'll try to message you later tonight. (The catch is I don't have a headset yet.)

I watched a buddy play this for a while yesterday.  I swore I'd not buy another Atlus game, but I'm considering this one.
Captain, your mission sucks ass until you &amp; VJ send me n00dz. 

Gavin, Tabasco with eggs!? &gt;&lt;

Turles, you smell. You smell, smell, smell, smell, smellllllllll like trash. Again.
billy has a boxing match, but perhaps we can make it over there afterwards!
Girls have vaginas?

Also, this:
 What the fuck is a vagina?  

We're all set yes?
A hybrid of moules marinere and tacos, theyre so yummy.
Helloooooo

reminding you Chicago folks that I have a show tomorrow night at Blue Bayou! 

It's totally FREE, and the bar serves cheap drinks! ($3 beers &amp; $3 well drinks)

Barb is doing her first burlesque act ever! and I will be doing a sultry routine in my new Jessica Rabbit costume, YOWSA
 Fun fact:  Jeff and Celeste are friends of mine.  I am now debating showing them this thread. PS:  Mostly because I think they'll get a chuckle out of Dr. Moustache's post.     

Who are Jeff and Celeste?

Teen Titans was boring. 
  
 I would watch the fuck out of this though. It reminds me of Batman Beyond somewhat. 
  
 I have no problem with going off canon to have some fun. Plus, there would be a thread about it, Moustache would hate it, and i'd h...

Haha, I'm looking forward to it. =)
I'm going to watch Kyle get married with three of my favorite gents!
First time I felt that spark for someone in a long time. Figures he wouldn't have it for me. I didn't have it with the previous guy and tried to force it cause he was a good guy. So I understand it, I'm just bummed cause it seems like the sides keep missing each other. 

FIND SOMEONE AND MESH DAMN IT!
Scotch Leggs
I'm high as fuck and I just had the WERIDEST but HOTTEST fucking cyber sex at RANDOM. Like out of NOWHERE.

IN WoW.
Surely!
Dear greasy &quot;model&quot; stalker,

Do not tell me it's gross that I've been with Pat for 6 year's. You are greasy, ugly, and your myspace's background picture is a pic of you. You are not hot shit, and you suck. Also, you have a mirroring personality.

And you're really greasy.
So, it never occurred to me that this could be anything but a lame attempt at humor when I locked it. 

If it IS a weird cry for help I'd like to point everyone to our standing Thunder Dome policy of &quot;If you have real life problems get real help&quot;. We have the mental illness thread in Trick Roll and that's the way we go about sensitive topics. If he was trying to start some kind of discussion he picked the absolute worst way. 

I don't know the guy AT ALL so if anyone does and wants to toss him a &quot;Are you okay?&quot; PM it would be appreciated.
This is the best Valentine's Day ever thanks to St. Chimo, TheCat, Idleambition, Coldbrains4, Devi, PYT and Kaliope.
good going, great job on not engaging in the topic which is of course the hall-mark of the internet but in case I'm not being clear:

cool joke. cool shitty, low-hanging fruit joke.
Picked it up yesterday and played through the first mission. I totally forgot to rescue the hostages, and the game made me feel like an absolute DICK for neglecting them. Moral choices with actual weight!

Well done, DE.  Also,  I'm going against my usual pacifist route. 

This time I'm killing everything that looks at me funny.  
Wikipedia's featured article today is Megatokyo.
 He also gets his ass kicked by Maggie Q! WHAT A PUSSY.  

AND THEN HE BLOWS HER THE FUCK UP WITH AN SUV
 
  
 I'm not talking about stillborn births. I mean you can easily conceive during sex, and not know about it. Often times fertilized eggs get flushed out during a woman's period. That naturally aborted fertilized egg is a life according to many so...

Reread what I wrote.  I covered that too.  The point is the same.  It is not relative to the topic.  Because the pro-life arguements are against chosen abortion not abortions that occur naturally.
I don't want to be a smartass or a gufferson, but this seems like a weird reason to not see a movie. Does it really matter whether you get the same feelings as the nostalgia-heads? Screw them (which includes me)! 

I know I can say it had been years and years since I had seen this when a bunch of us went to a midnight screening in college- we brought along a few people who had no idea what it was even about and they loved it. But who gives a fuck about anecdotes! I could be making that up!

 If anything we should be envious that you can watch it with such clear eyes- but seriously, Cyndi Lauper did the theme song, what are you waiting for
  This thread is now more confounding than that book thread!  
xoxostrawberry ... wow.
I don't think there was anybody I wanted to be more than Captain N.
 Roll was reffering to the term 'you got rick roll'd'. I know his name is Astley.  

no shit Roll was referring to the term rickroll'd, but it saddens me because i have actually met people who thought his last name was actually roll.

Mother's Day!

Oh, and apparently Anthony and I have similar taste in shirts.
Most recent flavor text is pretty horrible, but the Innistrad printing of Ancient Grudge may be the absolute nadir.

&quot;If there's anything a werewolf hates, it's a collar.&quot; So far so good.

&quot;If there's anything a werewolf hates, it's a collar&#8212;especially Avacyn's Collar.&quot; Ughh, that is not so good.

&quot;If there's anything a werewolf hates, it's a collar&#8212;especially Avacyn's Collar, the symbol of her church.&quot; fuck youuuuuu
Love you all &lt;33

Next time I am sticking with my goddamn food choice!!
You guys are scaring me. Beasts all of you.
  
  
 Lies.  

Oops, you're right.  I put in my battle.net account name.  Way to go me.

Shattered Hand - Rexall - Lvl 54 Human Paladin  ( I lvled up)
 Jesus, are you all on the fucking rag or what?  
 My bleeding cunt thanks you kindly.  
- The Color Purple

- Black Dynamite

- The Expendables
Myself, jerflash and possibly one more will probably be able to help out Shouchouji. I'm not going to Animazement the week after anymore so the Bootycon-attending-percentage has skyrocketed.
It's hot as balls in my living room because I don't have AC. Doing the 30 day shred in there is killer, but there's a TON of room, really high ceilings, and a 50&quot; TV to watch the video on. This is opposed to me trying to do it in my home office, which DOES have an AC unit but is a tiny bedroom with maybe 6'x4' of space to move and low ceilings with a ceiling fan that my fingers hit when I raise them in the air. Grrrr....  Guess this is more of a life frustration, but still.  
Shit was so Cash It is always so Cash.  hehe =P  
 Fuck rice in burritos...I never understood that shit. 
  
 My dream burrito would be 
 Cabeza  
 refried beans 
 cheese 
 cilantro 
 a chunky tomato salsa 
 avocado slices 
 onion 
 and tons of cholula 
   

Oh god... I so want that now.  That description made me hungry after I just had dinner. Damn it!  
Wait a second. Cut in half like a bisection?
Yeah, and they really aren't part of the rational discourse at this point. They're mostly rabble-rousing the idiots, as per usual.
She had it comin
That is somehow more effective and more alarming than the horny toad's defense mechanism of shooting blood from its eyes! Bravo, Lauren!
I'm eating KFC right now.
I am not going to make it early to work because I am stuck on the toilet...

And my poop has gone from nice solids to mushy mush :(

Oh wait, girls don't poop.
I keep telling myself it's my fault, but there is nothing more I want to do than to itch my healing tattoo. It's so itchy... tasty...
I'm the only real Viking here.
+Boobs.

OH YEAH.
I love that phrase.
I just think all this PC stuff is getting out of hand. I remember some years ago there was like...a first grader boy who kissed a first grader girl and got expelled for sexual harassment or something.
Oshima is spooooky....
LOL DOUBLE RICK. Sorry. Fixed.
What you all need is to let some steam off together by having a big fat orgy at the next BC. Angry sex will be compulsory.
I just found awesome blonde hair extensions that match my color and are long enough for Daenerys.  I cannot wait to be all sorts of the Khaleesi, including soot covered Dragon Mother Daenerys.
Damn.
How can it all boil down to such a thin vail of lust and fantasy? Still I can't say no to John Booty. &lt;3 &lt;/3 &lt;3
I've been hearing that Valkyrie is really good as a defending hero, so I've been working on leveling her up to swap Herc out for her when I am on defense.
I used to hate grapefruit but now I eat it all the time. I think its because my mom would give it to me for breakfast, along with my glass of milk. Wtf who told her citrus and dairy could be at all palatable?!
Hahahahahahaha, it got on the wall behind me one time!


Also, Lauren, im still going to.
I'm still trembling from the awesome saix that I can't type correctly. Fuck. Also, headache.
There's a similar kind of guy in Columbus who lives in the university area. He has a motorized wheelchair and two Great Danes. I don't know if he's a student or if his daily comings and goings take him across campus or what, but I have to admit, I was always a little squigged when I had to walk past him an no one else was around.
Your kids will want the newest in fashion when they go back to school this fall with the FLDS Polygamist Fashion line for kids!!! It is the hottest in modest fashion wear for all your kids! Even the ones you are married to!


Still isnt working.
YAY YESSSS!!! I love Meera!!! I will totes stab a bitch with my frog fork &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Hello I just wanted to know how to turn FOPs off.  I just want to make it so I can't get any of them.  How do I do that?

Hmm.  There's not really a way to turn them all off at once.

You can turn them off for one member at a time.  If a member shares FOPs, there will be a button below it that lets you block all future FOPs from that member.  (See picture - totally SFW friends-only pic, don't worry)

If you don't mind me asking, why do you want to block FOPs?  I don't think there's anything wrong with wanting to block them; just curious!  I want to to understand how people want to use OB.
I thought that was very mature of me.  Times are tough and I'm trying to accumulate some good karma.


You should get could of your high horses.  Then again, maybe I should be less negative, so that trolling or flames don't cause this thread to go would of its original topic.
John Booty, it's thanks to you I became a fan of Starblazers.
I can attest to fucked-up Ambien nightmares. Head-Doc put me on the shit after I spent a month sleeping only an two hours or so every 24 hours in 15 minute chunks. 

According to my roommates at the time, I would regularly &quot;wake up&quot; around 2 am or so, then go for long walks around campus in my bathrobe, slippers, tophat and nothing else. 

Didn't remember any of this of course, and the only indication this was happening was my hat and robe being neatly folded and placed on my dresser every morning or so. I would normally write this off as a prank, but seeing as how I deadbolted and chained the door to my room nightly, then waking up with everything as it should be I suppose it was plausible.

p.s. Dextromethorphan via Robetussin. This was more or less an accident, as I forgot my dosage, had a nasty bout of pneumonia and was half-awake when I downed a bottle. Nasty shit, had me on the floor seeing halos, with the room spinning, and feeling like I was on a boat for at least an hour and a half.
any Mel Brooks movie.

If you had a choice:

History of the World or Blazing Saddles?



It would be a bad sign if parents and lawyers could manipulate the school system in such a underhanded manner.

This already happens regularly.  Although the majority of the teachers want to teach, the American education system (i.e. each school district) is not very serious about educating kids.  It's a poorly run business business and I think the cash-strapped administrators will probably cave to the pressure of a lawsuit.
I think it's cool that all these people globally voted to bring the wiki down in protest. They said it was one of the biggest discussions in the history of the site.
Fall No More - Bellamorte (This is the most amazing song I've ever heard since 1999)
- been admitted to a hospital


My worst day ever was the day I was inconvenienced while getting my new Mercedes thread. 



Seriously...this thread was made after my mom died and I just couldn't deal with it AT ALL, I wish worrying about a fucking Mercedes was the worst of my worries.


ASSHOLE!
You a big man with a gun, you figga?
But pullin' that trigga won't make you no bigga
HAY guys, i just join this awesome site LOL, you don't know me ^_^ but I will be at Bootycon 08!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111111111


BTW Lets have a SEXY PARTY!!!!!!!!!!!!11111 LOL :P
Dear___________

Dont forget the thumbtacks.
Pot meet kettle. 

Woman lie about their age all of the time; especially, when they get older. I'm sure in a fair amount of those cases, it has to do with a gain of some kind where lying helps there odds. 

Takes a doucheyness to cry out &quot;douchebag&quot;, I guess.

Lying about your age when you get older is pretty common... Hence, qualifies. 

Not all older people are suffering from incontinence and achy bones. 


Living in England sucks because of the time differences. I've usually crashed out by the time the room gets even remotely busy :(
I'd really love to see this Christmas tree! It sounds fuckin' awesome.
I'm not certain, I was going out on a limb about Anders knowing.

I think all of 4.0 was beautiful in helping to disqualify Kara as a Cylon. She's as much as Cylon in th story as the President and Baltar IMO. Even now, Ellen is our 5th, leaving this random #7 model to keep people guessing. To me, it just doesn't makes sense for a child-model to know that song. If not for that, I may have reservations about being so outspoken that it's not her father. But unless there are some serious plot holes that blow Ellen's return out of the water in obsurdity, it doesn't make sense. I can't believe RDM and Eick would put that song on anything, at this point, that they haven't thought out.  I'll bet you a whole dollar John.  
I found the perfect footwear for BC: The Reef Dram Sandal

a.k.a. flip-flops with a flask in them

Happy birthday, Caitlin.  Here's some conaids.
It's because you're all RACIST.
I still haven't bought this game.  I played the demo available on PSN and absolutely loved it.  Need to get this.
But can you take it down from my Hard Dri&#8230;nevermind!
I'm jumping on the &quot;I Love Pam&quot; wagon.  I am totally in love with your new profile pictures!
In actually bad books, read:


My mother reads these books. :(
I was disappointed. I expected it to look like this:

If it was turned up, the eye hole would be a perfect slot.



For nearly 20 years, Indiana lawmakers have declined to pass Hate Crimes Legislation in Indiana due to pressure by the powerful Evangelical lobbyists and the fundamentalists they represent who oppose it.

&#8220;It is wrong for the government to mandate special rights for the homosexual lifestyle &#8212; a lifestyle that many consider immoral,&#8221; contends Evangelical lobbyist Eric Miller, founder of Advance America, whose opposition to Hate Crimes Legislation is that it &#8220;represents an attempt to give special protection to homosexuals and cross-dressers.&#8221;

&#8220;Victory in Indiana!&#8221; proclaimed a February 2007 e-mail bulletin from Monica Boyer of The Indiana Voice for the Family, &#8220;Hate Crimes Legislation  Dead!&#8221; after HB 1459 died in the Indiana General Assembly.

&#8220;This was a clear case of people making their voices heard, and some legislators standing up for what was right,&#8221; said Micah Clark, executive director of the American Family Association of Indiana.

Like Boyer and Miller, Clark contends that by defeating Hate Crimes Legislation in Indiana, &#8220;The good guys won on this issue, and a bad bill was averted.&#8221;


If the kid wasn't fucking 8 years old trying to a shoot a gun that even some adults have trouble keeping a handle on while firing, he wouldn't have shot himself in the face you fucking idiot.
*is jealous*
Brandy tonic. Not playing Reach this time, so not nearly as angry b/c of it. Thanks, Christian Bros.!
PAGING MEGINDIAMANDA
This reminds me of something I tried to do at a con once...Now which one was it?
While hacking a path through a dense patch of woodlands to flag digging areas for the rest of the field crew, my machete hit a springy patch of branches, caught another branch and cracked me in the skull.  Wouldn't be so bad if it didn't have a saw blade on the back of it.  

I now have a series of small puncture marks going up my forehead into my scalp.
I don't see where he's using his hands as catpaws in his profile pic. I think he's serious, and a bit of an idiot.
I've been getting lazy with exclaiming how awesome people's new fops are.  Just know this:

Ladies, you make my crotch happy.
Dude, I read Terry Goodkind's first two books for enjoyment. Wizard's First Rule and Stone of Tears were actually really good, for what they were. After that, the series just kept going down and down, until it finally got to a point (Faith of the Fa...

The glaring plot holes were not apparent to you?  Such as Princess Violet using the Agiel on Richard, and Richard later discovering that ANYONE using the Agiel would be struck by its power?  Surprising that a -little girl- was able to withstand that.

A friend at work described Goodkind as &quot;the worst of the best&quot; - he's barely good enough to stay on my bookshelf, and I have strongly considered removing him on many occasions.   
  
 I don't know if Pam was being serious or not, but she makes a good point. Most fantasy books (or high fantasy books, at least) deal with the same sort of cliches: unrequited love, commoner versus the aristocracy, good vs. evil, etc. 
  
 So wh...

Wow, you mean that all fantasy books are about Man Vs. Society, Man Vs. Man, Man Vs. Nature, Man Vs. Evil, Man Vs. Himself, etc?  It's almost like that should be one of the basic principles of fiction writing!  
You can't spell 'Crisp Bee Urine' without Reince Priebus.
already posted, but the guy didn't add an article summary to the original post.



SK, maybe next time you can get a white paint marker so we can actually see and enjoy the words clearly.
 You hear that thePirate!? We're HALFWAY there!  

WOOOOOOAH! LIVIN' ON A PRAYER!
because Japan is nothing but non-corrupt and full of honor.
I literally pooped so hard I bled a little.

I tore MYSELF a new asshole. . .literally.
 
  
 Ok but why? Is there a reason in your mind other than it's &quot;just icky&quot;? I'm confused on what possible reason sharing toothbrushes is grosser than exchanging other fluids.  
 Even shaving I get a bit more for the reasons chrispy mentioned, alth...

It just makes me feel uncomfortable. I couldn't really tell you why. I know I've got my mouth all over their mouth and balls/dick/vag/whathaveyou, but my toothbrush is mine! Get your own! 

The razor thing I wouldn't do since it was pounded into my head since childhood that that is something YOU DON'T DO. My mom has hepatitis so there wasn't sharing with anything that made potential blood contact in our house.
clear your cache  just sent you a comment from my android phone, 2.2 using dolphin browser hd  
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
I agree with you that the metaphor inherent in the display isn't revolutionary. I think for me as a DL user it's more about principle; If you're a bigger company with oodles of cash and you've recognized with your *own* design awards on two separate occasions how well a company created software that synced rather perfectly with your product both in aesthetics and functionality, that if you wanted to incorporate it into a future device or software, you license it or, as most most grown-up companies do (Hello, Google &amp; Adobe), you purchase the company/software outright. 

It just seems Apple copy &amp; pasted the DL staff and &quot;tada!&quot;, iBooks.
Yes.  Also, please bring some of LeeChan's cupcakes with you so I can rub them all over my body.
i got one for some reason

I like kittybunbun. Very nice work. Nice variety of styles. I am impressed &amp; jealous.
Hey Rizu!  missv wins. girl wear it if you want. go for it! 

You made me feel all fuzzy on the inside. &lt;3
I'm pretty sure the new &quot;Simplified&quot; hacking system was put into place because people were bitching about not being able to hack anything because they didn't load up points into the right talents during ME1, where you never saw any of the Hacking going on, just got the end results after pressing buttons in order.

You list KotoR as a game that is up there, but in the end, isn't this game the same formula that was originally developed with KotoR?

To me it just seems like you never wanted to enjoy the game from the beginning, so you've just decided to finish dragging yourself through it just to see what all the talk was about.
But she is from Colorado. And we know about them.


So maybe.
maybe w/ a big ass clit now. her orgasms are ten times better????? thats why she doesnt get rid of it?????/ does that thing squirt out cum????
This is retarded for a few reasons and I'd love to go into detail but I'm tired.  They want to ban them now because it interferes with a sold portion of the airwaves for commercial use, which they shouldn't have even sold in the first place considering that the electromagnetic spectrum is for the public, not private corporations.  They sold something, the buyer is pissed because it isn't exactly what he paid for, and now they're trying to fix it.  It's stupid.  The microphones that they are talking about operate at a frequency that MAY interfere, but they operate at such low power that the distance is pretty ridiculous.  It's like, yeah the wireless mic used in the opera show MIGHT interfere with a television broadcast in that room, but who is going to be watching a TV in that room?

The work around this is easy and they just have to change the operating frequencies which many producers already did, it's just makes me mad because it reminded me that the FCC auctioned off that part of the spectrum for $19 billion when it should have been used for the public, like free wireless internet.
I just build this badass new gaming rig, and I still don't have any high-speed internet at my parents' house and won't have any net until I go back to my own place Tuesday.
 Godammit. I just want this fucking Moogle tattoo, and everyone gives me flack. I want a new fucking tat. Fuck.  

Dooooo it! 


Oh god, that would be the cutest tat EVER!
hahah, the best part is that cat is totally just tryin' to lick his crotch
PM sent. Thank you so much.
 My Pics 

The jowling pics! You took like 83842 of those. Where are the rest?

I found an semi-internet crazy who is trying to sell me. 
  
 ...ebay.com/...inal-fantasy-X_W0QQitemZ150311101538 
  
 I'm not sure whether to be afraid or flattered... actually, I'm ticked off. Time to report dis shit. 
  
 One time someone even ha...
He's probably the dude that stole your Yuna costume from your friend's car!!! D:
 Marduk? Perhaps some Aspu, or Tiamant? Come to think of it, would any semblance of ancient Mesopotamian and Sumerian religion be eligible for Epic status?  

Marduk totally rules!
jadium, how about you rally some of your friends together as a small crew, that way you can integrate all together?  You look like fun; provided you're not cheap (I hate cheap people more than anything, and that's the consensus of everyone really).  

Also, bring some BITCHES, yo.

  Do all that, and I'll vouch for you without having even speaking to you.    Yo, bring bitches in that VIDJA GAME PARTY BUS YOU RUN.  BRING THAT TO BOOTYCON.  
Man, my mom would die just thinking of someone thinking of saying that....
This thread not to 

 reflect on stromboli.

Check this shit out:


Look at the &quot;John McCain proud of his supporters&quot; post:

&#8220;And to somehow intimate that the overwhelming majority of those people, with rare exception, are somehow not good Americans or are motivated by anything but the most patriotic motives is insulting. And I won&#8217;t accept that insult,&#8221; Mr. McCain added.

Then look at these ignorant bastards. Can McCain's supporters please decide whether Obama is a hardcore Muslim terrorist, or a left wing communist? Last I heard, the two were incompatible.

What a fucking nightmare.
SHHH just let it happen.
FAP is a fiber of some sort at my job, and they call it &quot;the fap process&quot; it makes me smile on the inside. we also have a &quot;pre-comm process&quot;, but when people say it out loud, it sounds like &quot;pre-cum&quot; 

speaking of poor acronym choices, i went to the eye doctor yesterday and he made me read out the letters &quot;f a g&quot; when i saw G come up, i had to pause for a second before i said it because i felt awkward. PLEASE PICK SOME APPROPRIATE LETTERS TO PUT TOGETHER, DOC!
	                               Yeah, dude.
I lost my swagger
Jesus Christ that was hot.  Now why did you two have to get tired as soon as I get the anal lube out?  I know it's 8am on a Sunday.  Did i wear both of you out?  

PS:  you look so cute with my cum on your face.
Ashe!!!!!!!!!!! Arrrrrg you make me want to watch Bleach so HARD.  Emphasis on Hard.
 How To Train Your Dragon &amp;gt; Despicable Me  
In general, I think the world could use a use a cutback on Pixar CG films.

I might have no soul.
 oreo cookies &amp;amp; milk  

buying a bag of oreos tonight. look at what you've done!!!! D:
Fuck bitches. 

Get money. 


I'll read the article later.
Most folks are unaware of that.  Also it's mostly an East Coast + California thing due to a rash of fake cops in the 80s.  I'm sure other states may also have such laws, but I'm 99% certain that any state along the I-95 corridor does.
I woulda made the keyboard sticky had that been mountain dew.  Just sayin'
usarmydoc delivers! So... &quot;What's up, Doc?&quot;
I imagine that every time a WoW thread hits 1000 posts, poor John Booty feels actual physical pain.
Dirty Diana, this is why I only hang out with uggos!
I played this game yesterday.

I don't think I am playing it again for a while.

RogueSamus, you win this round...of shots.
What a shitty write-up.
How could you leave out the fact that it's musical?
This actually got aproved? ...Amazing
I do like the witty repartee!

So, maybe.
So much butthurt and FACTS in this thread, guys.
oh, and egg. lots of egg. lots of egg and beer.  HEY MARINA NOW I PUT ZUCCHINI IN EVERYTHING THANKS GOSH  
I'm meeting a girl I met via OKC that goes to the same school as I do for coffee tomorrow before our respective night classes.  What do I do?
we got a honeybaked ham of deliciousness.
it feeds six...or....something.

im eating it right now with the dog.
Here's me reading that post:

&quot;Oh my God....

Oh my God.

OH MY GOD!!&quot;

Everyone say bye to Matt!
I'd personally love something from this collection, but it's all expensive as hell.

Dr Grordbort's Infallible Aether Oscillators &amp; Other Marvelous Contraptions


Basically a special effects guy who works for Weta is a steampunk fan, and has been making a series of really detailed rayguns.
It's up. Get in here
Wait, so they're smoking up at 8 and leaving at midnight?

I honestly don't think you have a problem if there's a whole 4 hours in between from the time they're actually getting high to the time they leave.  I've smoked before, and I am NOT a regular pot smoker (MAYBE once a year?  Twice?  Maybe never in a year at all?), so that means I'm more likely to become more fucked up than anybody else that I'm smoking with quicker, and I've never been high for 4 hours straight.  Maybe an hour or so.

But I definitely do agree that he needs to get it in his head that if it's his house, like you said, they ARE his responsibility (and if these are his friends, honestly, Jesus fuck was a fucking asshole - you're friends are not your responsibility?  How do you not care about that? WTF?).

I'm sorry you have to deal with that.
happy birthdayyyyy! love you so much! &lt;3
The US top Gear isn't necessarily boring...it's pretty to look at and the segments are somewhat interesting, but I think the same could be accomplished with no hosts. Which is what I don't like about it. The hosts kill it.

I'm not sure what Adam Ferrara and Rutledge Wood do or did before the show, but the UK presenters for instance were an automotive journalist (James May) a DJ/Presenter (Richard Hammond) and veteran presenter of the old TopGear (Jeremy Clarkson).  I'd rather have the one fellow I know who worked on the Motorweek tv show back in the 80's and 90's who used to be an amateur racing driver be a presenter on US TopGear.  He's actually done that gig before!
Nessa. i can't read a thing you post in the BSG thread. i'm not sure if you're attempting to cosplay starbuck in character and failing or what? 

PS: wait i meant roleplay cause the cosplay is bangin' 

I just can't believe someone really thinks you have to love every single character in order to like a show.
I find these places, where infrastructure decays and nature reclaims, incredible beautiful for some reason.  It's just so calming and reassuring. 
  
 Locations like these are all over Japan.  Thanks to the overzealous construction companies and the...

It's not exclusive to any one city. If you don't mow the lawn or trim the trees they will grow out of control way faster than you would think. I went to this hospital that was abandoned since 2002, some parts of it are still in use and groomed but look how crazy the growth is already, and presumably this is just from this years growth. I think I was up on the 2nd level when I took this...
Room is up.

Cooking, with Fangy!
This site I found had a similar thread, these are some awesome finds!

WHERE IS YOUR GOD NOW?
First thing that popped into my head. 

Image: 512x384 JPG, 21KB. Click to view.

YOUR GRANDPA WAS A NAZI
 my highest matches so far have been Erika (91%), Fievel (92%), and Squee (94%). 
  
 go nuts, nerds! 
  
 www.okcupid.com/profile/nikki_homicide  

HO SHIT BABY. 

96%

How YOU doin?

My profile is dumb. I kinda hate it (although not as much as I used to hate it.)
Guys I totally had a dream last night that it was Thanksgiving because of this thread. It was WEIRD.
I wanna know just who you guys are buying presents for out of obligation. If I don't like someone enough to want to get them a present, I don't. On the rare occasion that one of these people suddenly gives me one that is actually thoughtful and not just a generic hand out type of thing, they get the &quot;oops your name tag fell off!&quot; present.
So close toi finishing a six pack by myself tonight.  Hung out at my old roomies new apartment which is pretty far.  I adviise not to ride home full of beers and a practically empty stomach otherwise ona bupy sidewalk.  oooo owies!  Finding a lovely Ore-Bo station open 24 hours though was great! I love me some fried chicken!  It was also crazy cause this girl i keep saying has a crush on my coworker came in when we were eating up out slightly sobering chicken.  We had totally been talking about her like an hour before.  He should bang her!  I drank under cherry blossoms tonight!  YAAAAY!  I feel so Japanese!  It was pretty great cause me and another girl were wearing bunny ears for Easter tomorrow and everyone kept staring at us when they walked past and whispering &quot;ooo usagi... o mimi... teehee......&quot;  It was pretty great!  I love staring back at thems cazy japanese folks, like what the fuck you lookin at bitch!?  

So yeah you should all be jealous of my cherry blossom fun.. unless you live in Japan.  Then join me or something!    Oh fuck that came up as a ps after being a whole day?!  What the fuck is this john?  
BRING BACK STARFIRE  I'm actually impressed it's taken this long for a thread called &quot;Cosplay in the Bedroom&quot; to implode.  
Frosta is such a BITCH. 

Also check out this amazing she-ra art!
posting this to show duncan
god damn it pat you stole what i was gonna say

good lord, canada.
a year ago - panicking about having to do therapy with children for the first time ever; being all tingly inside after meeting cool sexy nerds at DID's and my first OB meetup; wasting hours of my weeknights in the worst class I've ever taken; actually exercising regularly

five years ago - getting back on my feet after packing my bags and leaving the horrid man I sold 3 1/2 years of my life to; starting the Summer of Making Up For The Past 3 1/2 Years

ten years ago - meeting two of my best friends in the whole world at Governor's School

twenty years ago - probably sitting in my room by myself reading or drawing
I need to get my prescription renewed; been a couple years and wearing them outside the house gives me motion sickness.
  
  
 Booty told a story like that years ago.  

I have a similar story.
STOP IIIIIIT
Dissent was patriotic when bush was president.

Linking these guys to Conservatives is the same thing as calling all Muslims terrorists.  Extremists are all fucking idiots.
He does have fine taste in Nerf weaponry... but, I'll pass.
 I wish I wasn't so bloody shy and awkward.  
 Yea, it really doesn't help that I'm 52, fat, and have club foot. Not the disorder you're born with, obviously. I mean a I have a hunk of wood for a foot. I'm a pirate. I also refuse to date women with all 10 fingers. It shows grit.  
After this post and his profile, I think I have a favorite new poster.
We too have rescued kitties! I wish I could keep them. :(
Peabody, I can't figure out if you want the corset for waist-cinching, or if you want the corset for style - like the Pnina dresses?
Well good job, agents.  I had a feeling they were building some form of doomsday device and now we have enough evidence to act.  I want you both to lead a squad of our best men to parachute into the volcano and disable the laser.  You must also kick the asses of everyone there (sexxxxily of course).  Contact me if you run into any problems.  

Why does this document smell like poo?  oh.
As the thing that should not be touches your lips, your skull rings with a hideous noise that leaves you unable to continue attempting to eat it.
I NEED A CRAVE CASE.
 Try the good old fashion ways: let your family play matchmaker or hit the bars.  

Nerd girls don't hang out in bars unless their boyfriends bring them.
They need to do way instain mother&gt; who kill thier babbys. becuse these babby cant frigth back?

Ahhhh neither can I, Link. Neither can I.
A lot of people I know said they were either &quot;eh&quot; on it or just didn't like it. 

I absolutely LOVE it. I relate to Tiana better than any other disney character not just because she's black but because she believes in hard work to achieve her dreams, has an absolutely nuts best friend with a huge heart (like me), hates frogs (like me) and the song &quot;Almost There&quot; is my theme song right now.
Are those marshmellows?

hot and in my lap.
Just got back from the Occupy Charleston org meeting. We begin tomorrow!
hb cunt
*YIF YIF YIF YIF*







:D
  
  
 Well, it is African food. IT very well may be glorified dirt since that's all they really have to eat.  

EXACTLY what I was going to post.
Matthew, can I come over soon, we can eat diablo-sammiches all night watching smokey n the bandit, and just get high as hell?
My lovely friend, Laura,&amp;#65279; gave me a suggestion that I've turned into a challenge: 1 costume a day for my baby girl from Halloween to Christmas. I'm going to make all these costumes from existing and thrift store items. (Which are almost one in the same!) Any props I don't have I will either make out of household things or make them out of colored construction paper. 

I have a TON of ideas already, I'll put a link to the list later today! Anyone wanna suggest any costumes for an infant? Doesn't matter gender/age, I'll make it happen!
The guys in the first video in John's link really should of added some food colouring to that.
 DO NOT WATCH IT. I wish I could UN watch it! Joss Whedon is a fucking bastard and will rip your heart out and tear it to shreds and step on it while peeing on your mother's grave.  

Have you ever had that strong a reaction to any other television show? Isn't it a mark of the show's power that it can inspire such strong feelings?
 You're not going to exclude the gorgs just by moving it to the Clit.  

Someone didn't seem to understand that when they did it.

But FFS I'm glad the piece of shit thread is gone, If a thread alone is enough to provide a whole damn video produced by Matt Fucking Miller with enough creepy ass quotes, then there really is no reason it should be there.
&quot;Now go do that voodoo that you do so well!&quot;
Fox up close, like it's saying &quot;Hi!&quot;

More:
Definitely the one on the right.
We should be so lucky, to have that kind of job security.
 Strawberry Milkshake Whoppers.  
yum strawberry! i'm eating kimchi.
I think at least once a day I get really resentful, upset, jealous, insecure, and depressed all at the same time. Just want to get home already and get busy again :(.  Also, it seems like every time I want to watch porn, the connection or the power goes out. Someone doesn't want me happy :C.  


im drunk and in louisville this is your fault YOUR FAULTTTT

WHAAAT???  And why didn't I get a phone call?  You shoulda come to Indiana with me.  I got wasted in an American Legion bar, with a bunch of 80 yr old people, listening to a classic rock cover band.  

Good fuckin times man.


Wow. Thank you all for making me feel so welcome!  I don't think I can bring the same level of sarcasm and sports knowledge that Mike was famous for, but I do plan on sticking around.
Max, you talk exactly how I imagine Dr. Claw from Inspector Gadget would talk if he was a closeted queer who spent too much time in his basement listening to Yani (and apparently cosplaying him as well.)



I honestly give up on all of you.
Forest
Those boobs are amazing. Amazing, I say.
I agree, but she's only had sex with asians so it still might hurt!


Do it already!
people noticed that i got a haircut. yay!!
Figure out a way to disguise myself to sneak into the Harry Potter movie so I can harass Lord Farious and his friends since he says I'm too nerdy to go to the movie with them.
I CAUGHT THE GHOST OF EXPLODING ALEX ENTERING CAM'S BODY!
Bush is simply trying to avoid expanding the program beyond it original purpose. And the democrats are blowing out of proportion to build political capitol. I don't back a lot of Bush's decisions but I have to say I can see his point on the issue. You shouldn't expand a program to cover people who should arguably be able to provide their own health care coverage when there are people so far below the poverty line they can't get coverage. I speak for personal knowledge on this I have members of my family in that situation.
yay! I picked up season 2 and 3 today. I already have all of season 4 so far, but I noticed a huge gap from season1 to 4 so had put a temporary moratorium on continuing into Season 4. Now I just have to finish catching up on this and Season 4 of BSG.
I'm ordering my gift right now. Sorry it took me so long!
Heard a women yelling in angry Spanish on my way home tonight and nearly broke the zipper to my pants. Damit Viv.
I'm listening to Nine Inch Nails' Broken while playing BoF2 on the wii and I am having such vivid flashbacks it hurts.

Not all 8 or 16 bit games had great music, and overworld/battle themes got especially repetitive, so I want to know what you listened to instead.

Pat mentioned Stabbing Westward and I have to say that was definitely a staple of my gaming playlist as well.
Dear ________

First off, thanks for showing everyone how a woman slaps a grown 30 year old man out of nowhere, and then gets spanked by him right afterwards like 10 times. That was kinda funny awesome.

Second, How YOU doin'?
i wonder who BRUCE TRACY and WILLIS MORGAN are  kevin smith in the country club be eatin his lobster like om nom nom  
 For every profile this month that I find with &quot;I listen to everything other than Rap or Country&quot;, I'll listen to NWA.  Twice.  

NWA is my favorite rap group of all time, hands down. I miss Eazy-E. =(
I texted him at work and asked if I can call him Daddy when we fuck. He very kindly said  'of course'. I told him he's welcome to call me Daddy, too.  Looks like he's coming over to beat the shit out of me and fuck my dirty cunt after work! Wooooo!    Oh, wow.  Yesterday happened.  

Sir Barron now totally understands that I'm seriously turned on by mean/absurd/ridiculous name-calling and some rough shit.  He slapped the shit out of me while I rode his cock yesterday, and started using my throat for leverage to slam me down on him, while lovingly calling me a cum dumpster.  It warms my heart to hear him honoring my sexual requests with such ease. The interchanges as a result are a little uneven sounding.

Him- &quot;take that, fuck slut!&quot;

me- &quot;Oh, you're so sweet! How nice!&quot;

I got to pull the daddy card when he threw me over his lap later, pulled up my dress, tore down my ripped-up tights and panties, and started wailing on my ass. Eventually he started finger fucking me, adding in more and more fingers, and when he realized that he was actually going to end up wrist deep in me, repositioned me on the couch and got his fisting on with his huge, hairy hand.  When you weigh 115 pounds and a man is forcibly inserting an entire limb into you, it turns out that controlling the volume of your voice is impossible.  I was wailing these otherworldly, God-awful noises, screaming the most offensive shit my brain could possibly piece together, and calling him Daddy.  It went over well. His poor upstairs neighbors were probably sitting there hovering a finger over 911 on the phone, debating if the girl they had just planned a road trip to House on the Rock with was dying or just having really weird and dirty sex with their downstairs lodger.

I was still wearing my pretty pleated little pastel dress, crushed up in a heap on his couch, and he had kind of broken my pussy.  In an effort to give me a break, he spat on his dick and started brutally assfucking me (I estimate this thing is over 10 inches, at least) up to his balls, and it was AWESOME.

At a certain point we decided to move to the bedroom.  He had to get up to pee, and I offered to let him piss on me.  He said we'd have to work up to that, because he found it too degrading.

In the morning he took me while I was half-sleeping, where I was actually too out of it to participate in any way and took it like I were comatose.  He had his way with me and later apologized for pretty much half-raping me, which I found kind of sexy and inaccurate, since we'd had lengthy discussions about implied 24/7 consent with each other.  I perked up after that and got to watch him masturbate, and he fucked me while I got myself off with a vibrator.  He's obsessed with my ass now, and constantly wants to stick his face in it or fuck it or smack it or bite it.  I think it's a new discovery for him.

  
Notice Killian's little cameo in the underground fight-ring scene...
hahaha. This kid might be alright!
Damn Dogg!!!

didn't they used to tase mitch williams before games?

personally, i think any cockwad wearing a B hat to a yankees game should get fuckin tased, if not knifed.
So you are saying because he is just being a disgusting and intentional douchebag who thinks he is super cleverly fucking with everyone we should ignore him and and let him be a a disgusting intentional douchebag? 

  well he has the sensibilities &amp;amp; maturity of a 13 year old, so maybe we should hear him out 

...actually that made me laugh quite a bit.  
Put mint chocolate Bailey's in 'em, mmmm

Mmmm creamy beige.
:'(
I feel so bad for them, I hope that insurance company gets sued!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Well, obviously its her fault for going blind. Why doesn't she just sell her summer home and then fly her private jet to Baltimore so she can get treatment at one of the best hospitals in the nation? I'll never understand why people keep complaining...

I'd like to see you go blind and then see you what you have to deal with, you idiotic jerk.
Lots. 


Step two: in progress.
well, feel free to check demonoid, etc. now, guys.

glad I don't have to play the old version anymore D:
I fail as a man because I can't grow a beard. All I had was stubble after trying for 2 months. Also my facial hair is blond/light brown.... WTF!
Oo does this mean I get to wear my cowgirl outfit? this may require less blanket and more up close and personal cuddling
Wait, did you add it, or did she actually put &quot;WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS&quot; in a script? 

I probably shouldn't be that surprised given the rest of the insanity, but for some reason that just astounds me. I wonder if she goes to the beach and complains because the ocean doesn't have a &quot;WARNING: CONTAINS WATER&quot; sign.
half of NoI's current wardrobe
  
  
 Ninja Sex Party write for an animated show called DJ's in PJs.  

I will look up them!
This sucks. Can't I do missions as a ghost? :(
I'm disappointed that I missed it, but a couple weeks ago was World Toilet Day   
Now however you wiped your ass, you can track someone's poop through the sewer system of UK, Ireland, Poland and South Africa. I loaded up the page, selected the &quot;I can't see my flag&quot; button at the bottom and am tracking someone's poop through the London countryside   
If you live in one of those countries and want to track your own poop, just enter the postal code and the time the flush took place. The application takes data from the local water board and calculates the trip to the closest sewage treatment plant. The app will send you two email updates showing the flush's progress.

  
 This last post had me in giggles as well as had me sweetly &quot;awwing&quot;. You guys have something spectacular and I am so glad you share it with us!   Steph says it.
Thanks for informing the mass of british users on the site.

In related news: A poll among Inuit tribes reveals that it's more beneficial to practice the art of Otter-skin hats than to study reading.
Dude, she's some random who's taking a dude home within HOURS of meeting him.  Of course she should exercise better judgment.

But I mean, if he's a grody bro he should probably also be up front about it.
I miss you D:
hmm just saw emma watson in hp4....  hmmmmmmmm donedonedonedonedonedonedonedonedoneDONE!
 That sentence didn't have the word 'dicks' in it once! 
  
 I'm confused.  

As soon as I saw the title I came in here specifically to suggest dicks. Now that I've been beat to it, vagina piercings: sexual enhancements or useless bling?



I'm gonna register, but I expect to get blown up. You should give it a try!
 	                                  Don't you think that's a little... uh... uh...  

I....... I don't understand. 


On another note I may or may not have just looked at my fop count and thougt, &quot;Thats not the right year.&quot;

Also: 
DENPA ONNA
DENPA ONNA 
DENPA ONNA





THREAD OVER!
	                   Great post. 
I say &quot;so say we all&quot;.
The spammers have found us again!
The regular chat should be working, wtf. O_o I'm in it, as are 20 other people...
I use mine mainly for melting butter, heating up the water/butter for couscous, and steaming veggies. Husband uses it for heating up cold coffee. I'd really miss it, especially in the summer when I really try to avoid the stove in my not-air-conditioned kitchen.
A woman in the grocery store actually volunteered to pay for my stuff and wouldn't take no for an answer.

I know she can't read this but lady? You rock!
My Grandma Carmen, me, and my dad.
I would think if you listened to Micheal's speech, it would be obvious: Fate cannot be changed. things need to play out the way their supposed to. Its not just so they 'can have their war', or that he WANTS it----he made it pretty clear that it was more an issue of doing what GOD wants, and God wants it to be the way its destined to be.

 also Dr. Moustache, between this thread and the Lost one, all i can ever hear is the German voice of the &quot;Hook Man Fan&quot; from &quot;The Real Ghostbusters&quot; episode, when I read your posts.


Clean shaven bums freak me out. No self-respecting bum goes around without a beard and long stringy hair. 

I don't discriminate against any kind of bum. I accept them all. The ones with hair all over are sexier and have a certain musk about them but the clean shaven bums are sophisticated in their homelessness and can't be ruled out either. 

If I see a bum who is hairy, musky, and has a rope for a belt well...
 
  
 From what you are saying, I guess they should just give the kids a slap on the wrist for being bad boys and girls, because there is no way they were really going to do it. No they going to consider the threat serious and punish them accordingly. And that is what they should do so the little brats know not do it again, and that their young age isn't going to stop them from getting punished. .

That's exactly what they should do. Slap them on the wrist, have them see a doctor, and be done with it. 

Ruin the lives of a bunch, with a punishment befitting of a &quot;serious&quot; death threat? What do you mean, PRISON? Expel nine, eight-year olds from school for a common juvenile fantasy, give them a huge BLACK mark on their permanent record? Right. Gee, that's a SWELL way of teaching them a lesson, they certainly won't understand. Encourage them to get even more angry. Maybe this time they'll stop fantasizing and actually ACT on it for once. 

And as for the so-called &quot;knife&quot;...It's a steak-knife...a BROKEN steak-knife. There's a photo right here: 
Fuck, a knife isn't evidence of a damned thing, I and many other kids in my municipality carried pocket-knives to school on a regular basis.

The point is, treating your kids like little hoodlums will transform them into little hoodlums. Makes the non-existant problem into a real one. This isn't journalism folks, this is sensationalism. Next thing you know, people will start thinking up reasons to pat-down kindergartners for guns. 


Canned ham.
The girl cosplay outfit is fucking awesome and hot.  The Sephiroth?  Not so much.
My heart just wants what it wants. Take whatever time you need to get whatever out of your system. When you are ready to explore something real, something with substance, something that makes your heart tapdance the fuck right out of your chest and feel alive, you let me know - I might just still be available for that adventure (if you're lucky).
I saw Ashe for a little bit and she called me to go out for food (sadly, after I had already ate), and then left shortly after on...I think it was Saturday.

I'm going to drop this award into my own lap, though, because I definitely should've held off on my second night of craps until later, because I missed out on some awesome partying time.  At least Atharan and Stuntcock showed up a little bit into it and I didn't feel like a total putz.
 I'm sending out a remote controlled helicopter to scout the perimeter for incoming unicorns!  

Watch out for the dash attack!
I'M SORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY  No, really, I am.  And I didn't mean for my &quot;I'm Sorry&quot; to extend longer than the &quot;nooooo&quot; did.  Fail.  
Got my brows and my nails did today!
I know some swing, waltz, and foxtrot, but that knowledge may have wasted away since I never really got a chance to use it.
Grrr....not yet.....thats next on my sex toy list ;)
I think we should take pics of our vibrators Or start a whole new thread about that one?

P.S. Im so waiting for Gavins cock...show it off baby :)
I didn't read anything in this article that said that this girl had anything to do with the beatings or kidnap or anything.  

If she's just some girl who told some guys she knows that this guy hit her and they did this as retaliation I don't really see how any of it is her fault.  If she was a part of the kidnap and torture then, yeah she deserves whatever they get.

Actually, there is very little information in this article.  All I know for sure from reading it is that a disabled person was kidnapped and tortured for reasons essentially unknown.  The people who did that should be put away for a very long time.

I reserve judgement while awaiting more information.
 It's too early for me to know what I'm doing with my family, but if the timing is right I'd love to come down and do some Thanksgiving cooking and drinking. 

Seconded!! I must hang out with you Cat!
I miss you already, Mama. I wish I could have said goodbye in person.
This is the place where the unknown is living and real
Wormwood, the planet X and the seventh seal
Universal truth is not measured in mass appeal
This is the last time that I kneel and pray to the sky
Cause almost everything that I was ever told was a lie
Please use this as the CD Cover.  The original file didn't have all the tracks listed.


Bump while I take a shit with my laptop.
 
  
 Well that didn't help much, only a couple profile links and search is still busted.  Anyway SparkleDonkey, you weren't around when Hero was doing sketches of everyone in AVChat and only a select few (mods) were able to have them as profile pic...

Hmm...I am pretty sure Apple was the first one to put one of those up as a profile pic.  She is not a mod.  Actually most of them weren't mods.  

Quite possibly the best reason for Google Street View!
OK, I finally got a chance to read through this thread. You guys are awesome! 
  
 As someone with only a passing familiarity with the old series, I think one of the things that captivates me the most about the new stuff are the Angel battles. The a...

Use wikipedia, there is so much information now than back in the day when End of Eva came out.
I peed in the basement of the apartment building I work in. There is a hole in the cement and I peed in the hole. Then added water to dilute smell and hide my shame.
Kasai's fops are super hot!
I remember reading about this family a month back in my newspaper.  While they love sprouting pro-Aryan race stuff, somehow they're not even that racist, as they have non-white friends and even invited a couple black and hispanic folk to their kid's birthday party.  I think they're weird in some way, but they don't spread hate speech.  And they seemed to be nice enough parents too.
Bonus douche points for the guy I ranted about earlier: even though it doesn't directly affect me, he's currently trying to block the vacation request of an expecting father whose kid is due next week, just because it's Easter sales week. As if he timed knocking up his gf solely to get a busy week off.

Being down one dude would just mean a couple more shifts for the rest of us to eat, and your first born only happens once. Heaven forbid he actually have to work the sales floor more than one day in a given week. I don't know how I continue working with such an inconsiderate shithead.

Dad-to-be's going to the store manager, and the company's HR department if that doesn't work, and I am all for these fuckers getting called out. Hopefully step 1 will do the trick, since said store manager has kids of his own and might understand.

In the meantime, anyone feeling fertile? I could use a Christmas vacation and I think we'd still be in the window to land me one, albeit cutting it a bit close.  (And by &quot;expecting,&quot; I mean the mother was already dilated 4cm last I heard, which was two days ago. The kid's definitely arriving next week, if not this weekend.)  
Fairly comprhensive list of phrases that became unbearably overexposed in 2004.  Lake Superior State University has presented their 
BLUE STATES/RED STATES   Whos who, anyway? I remember when I was a kid and Georgia was purple, says Peter Pietrangelo, Sault Ste. Marie, Mich. A good map has more than two colors.

FLIP FLOP/FLIP FLOPPER/FLIP FLOPPING  They belong at 

First off, I want to know, does anyone else feel like these versions (especially 2.22) are spoon-feeding the story to the viewer? I feel like I'm being babied when I feel there is a lack of editing. They really emphasize the little points and explain everything thoroughly while leaving much less for interpretation.


Like what yo?
OB Katamari.  Greatest java button ever!
No doubts.
SHE'LL SWALLOW YER SOUL! 
SHE'LL SWALLOW YER SOUL!! 
SHE'LL SWALLOW YER SOUL!!!
  
  
 It was more like hot sweaty hobo love.  




Match made .....
Teaching your children to respect you as an authority does not lead to them blindly following orders or some sort of imaginary &quot;Big Brother&quot;. That's poor reasoning. Teenagers will rebel as hard as they can. It's a part of figuring their own independ...

This. When I posted this elsewhere, someone remarked how such behavior ought to be expected and then forgotten. Expected, sure, but allowed to continue or be forgotten? No, she wouldn't learn anything that way. And yes, it will take her a few years of personal growth before she realizes the lesson he was trying to teach her (public disrespect earns public disrespect, more or less). But when she does, it'll probably become one of those &quot;When I was young and stupid&quot; stories she'll tell to friends later on.
 I think threat is pretty WoW specific (as it is a measurement of aggro/aggression), but I've seen aggro used in numerous games.
Champions definitely calls it &quot;threat.&quot; I'm pretty sure Warhammer does, too. WoW may have been the first game to call it that, but it's not a term unique to that game.

 I honestly thought about RAID disk arrays.
That's fine as long as you know who to blame when they wipe.
So, I know that a bunch of you folks out there are pretty nerdy. Are you nerdy enough to like text adventure games? Because I wrote one.

The game is called &quot;Trouble in the Workshop&quot;, and it's a quasi-Steampunk game where you play a scientist's assistant who's, well, in some trouble. This is *not* a simple game, and while it's no Zork, I'm still pretty proud of it.

There are three endings to this game, one good, one okay, and one bad. This game isn't yet for wide release, as I'm still trying to catch any last remaining bugs, so if you come across anything that isn't perfect, please let me know. Though this game is all about discovery and exploration (despite only taking place in one room!), so use a spoiler tag if you're going to say anything spoiler-y.

Other than that, enjoy it!



Probably the only thing I like about summer coming around is that now I can actually wear a sundress. Just have to find one first...
Awww man Dori and Tess.... 

If you saw her at Disneyland, you know the *real* Mandori.


How the fuck they thought to look in my sock drawer I don't fucking know.

Evrybody knows all the best shit to steal is in the sock drawer.


Dear Mods,

It's total bullshit that people keep locking threads. You get to insult me then close the shit so I can't reply.

You suck.
&lt;333
STOP TOUCHING ME!!!
I know I don't post spoilers personally, but I've discussion. I won't be easy that guy that posts the crazy happening at the end of the episode. But ill say, &quot;dexter season 6 finale, oh dexter you're in for it! omg omg omg&quot; but nothing further. 

I'm just saying that the longer you wait, the more of a chance you expose yourself to shitty people spoiling things. I went through this with lost. 

We should have spoiler tags included in the reply options!
The funniest thing about this thread is watching the guys explain why they've seen more dicks.

Dicks are easier to see cause in situations where people have to get naked, they're all swinging down right there with nowhere to hide. Vaginas aren't as easily visible even in naked circumstances.

I'd say vagina/penis ratio is 5:10.

If it was boobs/penis, it would be 100:10. Seriously, boobs are flopping all over the place.
America is to fat as Saudi Arabia is to oil.
I hate protestants.
Took this picture tonight.

Is there any wiki on the net for recipes that has an integrated rating system?

Because there should be.
 No need to even ask. Yo ass is miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine.  

Heartchu! &lt;3
owwwwww. I apparently have fluid built up in my left ear due to a cold, which explains the killer sinus headaches too.
This insomnia has got to stop.  I can't keep not falling asleep until 2 or 3 in the morning.  I wish I could just quiet my mind and close my eyes but it feels like whenever I do I'm about to be crushed by everything.
What about movies? I'm a music video creator, I do AMV's for a hobby but I also make music videos professionally for musicians (if anyone knows of Jennifer Batten, I just finished one for her, it'll be on her upcoming DVD).

Maybe a youtube link or something? I wanna get your guy's critique on them :D (probably the AMV's more than anything but yeah)
Bob Barker
NO ONE SAYS IT WAS FROM FIREWORKS OH MY GOD. That was something like ONE news person said right after it happened and it has been totally disregarded as an explanation!
Got a membership card for the Septum Piercing Hatin' Club? I'm all over that shit.
 Well to be honest, since I had no insurance, I would have been pissed if they tried to make me stay over night. Because then my bill would have been twice what it was and I was drowning in credit card debt just to pay the $14,000.  

I had to stay overnight when I had my appendix taken out. It wasn't planned, I got to the ER at like 11am...didn't get out of the waiting room until literally 4pm (all the while writhing in pain, LOL) and didn't get my surgery done until around 9pm. Although they gave me enough shit I that I was asking everyone to wheel me down to the gift room all night. End result, no appendix and a 24,000 bill. No insurance either.
Pumpkin Pie: The Return of the Cupcake Innards (a.k.a. I still had a fuckton of pumpkin pie filling sitting around after the cupcakes above were done)

Made the crust again from scratch, and it turned out much better this time. I actually looked up how to properly substitute whole wheat in an all-purpose flour recipe and followed that, and this time around the dough actually formed in the way it was supposed to. I think I still pre-baked the crust a little long, as it's drier and crunchier than I like, but trial and error. Maybe third time will be lucky. (I still have half a can of pumpkin puree sitting in my freezer. :/)

Still pretty delicious! The filling is really good, I think I'm going to go back to this recipe if I want a tried-and-true one.
Phwoarr, gonna get into some Argie-bargie with Cowy-chan eh MissyJ?
PLEASE CITE YOUR MOTHERFUCKING SOURCES. Drunk as I am, I still call &quot;bullshit urban myth&quot; whereupon white people feel superior for &quot;knowing shit&quot;. This whole thread reads like a bad forwarded email. PS:  p.s. Don't try to use your original li...

A blog of a credible news source.
  
 If that's in response to a &quot;cannot&quot;: ...askoxford.com/...xperts/faq/aboutspelling/cannot  

cannot is generally &quot;i am unable to&quot; whereas can not is generally &quot;i am able to or i am not able to&quot;.
 Actually, I only had about.. 12 or so friends before I posted that picture. :P  

I totally thought I friended you months ago! the friending frenzy in here compelled me to verify it, and I was shocked to see that I hadn't!
Joystiq compiled all his works onto one convinient page!
good luck! I know adult wild birds are much harder to care for than babies, since they are (understandably) more skittish.

I hope he pulls through, or at the very least that he isn't in too much pain. the poor little guy is too cute!

 Enjoyed the ending. Wished it had been the series ending rather than the season ending. 
  
 This series has kind of jumped the shark, and needs to be put down. =(  

You shut your whore mouth.
 ...aljazeera.net/.../2008/07/20087813165610303.html 
  
 What else does a nation do with 550 metric tons of yellowcake uranium?  

Have an atomic birthday party!!!!!!!
I so need a new wallpaper. This Aion one is meh and nothing in my wallpaper folder is doing it for me.
FFFFFFFFFFFFF

SO SOON!
If you stop talking, she will stop calling you out. It works for me most of the time. PS: just sayin.

I'm not gonna lay low because someone is in a bad mood. If I get called out and I'm in the wrong, no problem. But holding my tongue on false accusations? Uh-uh.
I think it's retarded when someone calls out the Sexy TMI thread for being what it is. HOWEVER, posting a three-post-long story about you having some really typical and boring sex is NOT what it's for. No one is going to read that. Posting in the thread for homework to get an appreciative railing on Friday, yeah, man. Handle it. If your sexapade is full of out-of-the-ordinary lols, okay!

What this thread is for:
Sometimes there are those that sexual or sex-related tidbits you need to share, but they're not significant enough for their own thread (or three long posts).  Put those here. 
  
NSFW Twitter? 

Also, please refer to anything Pamela posts.

What this thread is NOT for:
I have sex!
I want sex. :(
I'm waiting to have sex. :(
I'm not having sex. :(


It's not a ridiculously complex concept.


On that note, ...hahah, I really want to launch a dick out of me when I sneeze, that's impressive.
i actually drank a cup last night instead of water post drinking! 

holy shit this stuff
in a folder called 'NEW FOLDER'
Anyone interested in hosting a server again? Be warned. It drove the last person mad. Then again it might just have been because his house kept on getting burnt down.
He questions his credibility within two seconds of starting the video I linked.  What does the queen have to do with your government anyways?  

In our country, the President isn't an impotent figurehead as opposed to yours, which allows the monarchy the privilege of ceremonial duties.   Sure, they 'technically' hold power but so do the people in the United States 'technically' make choices for themselves.  If we were to vote across the board on issues, things would actually get done and none of this retarded senatorial bickering would matter.  this is getting retardedly off track, my bad.  
Hey, who says you have to choose?
On me gossping about boys &quot;Oh go take a cold shower&quot;
On my tired, thrown together appearance &quot;You look like a refugee&quot;
On my single status &quot;Well you don't need a bofriend to give me a grand baby&quot;
Have we already requested to replace YES NO and MAYBE with YUP NOPE and THATS HOW YOU GET ANTS?
Oh sweet Christ... I had to rewrite the post because IE ate it the first time. Here they are:


and


Respectively. I am having the worst time making any goddamn sense today.
My sister got her power back last night.  Same with my dads area.  I finally visited my mom after not being able to reach her all week since there is no cell reception in Valley Stream...sooooooo many power lines down near or on the circular block she lives on.

Her boyfriend ghetto rigged something to run both heat and the freezer off their cars but they are running low on fuel.  And gas is no where to be found.  Mom waited on a line at a gas station for several hours yesterday waiting for a delivery but it never came.  I'm hoping they'll come to their senses and stay at my place but they want to stay put at the moment so not much I can do.

Afraid they may be one of the areas that do not get power til after Thanksgiving.  No crews have come by there yet to look at things, there are still many trees down way too close to those lines so I'm a bit worried about that.  With it being a block that never gets outside traffic, only people who live there are on that block...not exactly a high profile spot to go repair ASAP.
Today's my Grandpa's birthday, he would've been 95, I think. I haven't thought of him much in the eight years he's been gone, but I just suddenly got teary remembering him.
  
  
 Ha! Yes this. I can get myself off by just humping a pillow between my legs. No hands, no toys. That's super old school!  

This is basically how I learned to masturbate.
Everytime a newbie posts another person with holiday depression decides to go ahead and end it all, or an angel gets its wings or what the fuck ever.
What else? Any dittos?
yeah I'll post more when i'm done with my motherfucking paper x_X due tomorrow.... geh :: hangs self ::
Jesus christ, Cat. 

Every time it almost slips my mind how incredibly gorgeous she is she has to go and post something like that.
I don't know how it is in your area to make you even the least bit wary, but from what I've read, Nelly put a lot of money into designers to create jeans that fit that type of body. If you fit them, then wear them! 

I mean, of course she's black, but if Oprah likes them I think any woman across the world can wear them. She's like Jesus to women, right?
I don't have a single pair of Star Wars-themes underwear.  This is a serious issue for me.
If you want to do it with a theme, may I suggest Pie-rate Cove?
got my debt paid off, friend isn't pissed at me anymore, going out on the town saturday and coming back for a party thats gonna consist of food, booze, and video games.
 you...you mean like the one in the photo in the first post?  

I honestly couldn't tell what it was besides delicious looking.
They want to show a lady a good time. Not like those assholes she's usually with who are just in it for themselves and don't even bother with oral sex. Nerds are such nice guys, ya know?
&quot;There isn't a single food in this world that cannot be improved by adding some type of cheese.&quot;

My friend Dave put cheese in beer once. And claimed it was delicious.
All I did was post simple &quot;shut up and stay out of my thread unless you're actually going to contribute to it&quot;.  I've gotten 3 responses telling me I'm complaining too much, being too defensive, etc. etc. etc.

Jesus fuck, really people?  Really?
I bet that beard tickles.

Let's find out.
Ocarina of Time was great, but saying The Water Temple was a good thing is like a French noble from the late 1700s saying that because of the guillotine he doesn't have any more headaches.

Just sayin'
But that's what New Game + is for!

What carries over?
  
 Way to make me miss Bootycon.  

huh?

  
Good lord...where the FUCK is this Fatburger and how do I get one?  

They're like all over the place on the west coast... Hmm you're in Ohio... according to the Fatburger website they have them in Garfield Heights, Mayfield Heights and North Olmsted, wherever those may be in relation to you.
 I think the internet's obsession with narwhals is really fucking stupid. The sheer amount of narwhal crap on Shana Logic and Etsy is sickening.  

I'm still waiting for everyone to realize that puffins are where it's at.
I just did mine yesterday with Veet for Sensitive Skin. Usually I have to clean up a patch or two with a razor, but it's pretty good and smooth as-is.  BEING SO SMOOTH NEVER FELT SO GOOD  
Wait, whut?

Chewbacca gets killed off in one of the books?!  PS: I want to add Isara from Valkyria Chronicles to that I just got through the scene where she goes... it happened so sudden I seriously just broke down when I saw that... 

Oh, fuck, seriously dude.  I haven't gotten misty-eyed over a video game character death in forever, but that fucking did it.  ;_;  
panel/dance/show etc...

I'd like to suggest a Zombie/Apocalyptic wedding reception. Since so many couples are getting hitched they should be the &quot;guests of honor&quot; (with Calllie of course) - maybe we should even have some sort of ceremony with like a booty minister marrying the couples.

Thoughts?


Me when I saw Mark's new FOPs:

I seriously NEED to see this movie
Dear _____;

Thank you so much for coming clean to me.  You really are a sweet person and I'm glad I didn't miss it by writing you off as a jerk.  I know it's hard but have some faith and be yourself, someone WILL come along that will like you for who you really are.

Dear _____;

I wish we'd had more time at Acen, honest.  If I haven't told you already, if you're ever in my area my couch is yours for the crashing.

Dear Tom (Not on this website);

Please please PLEASE come and see me sometime before Reactor.  And I hope to GOD you're serious about wearing a Gothic Lolita dress with me next Acen, because that would be so fucking hot.

Why the fuck isn't this stickied??
So, while it's ok to be pissed that some bum shit on your day, let's not be those guys making generalizations of under-privileged persons because of anecdotal evidence.

I base mine on the many interactions I've had with homeless people growing up in Philadelphia. Maybe homeless people in other city are different, but I haven't had any positive experiences here.

In regards to the story teller hobos:

There used to be this homeless woman nicked named &quot;Big Bertha&quot; around my neighborhood. If she gets you to stop, she'll tell you this long intricate story of how her daughter got shot and is in the hospital and how she's working at Penn doing laundry. I've heard this story from her when I was in high school and in college. Damn, if you're daughter has been shot this many times, she either needs to move or find a different occupation.

Oh, if you open you wallet, she'll ask for anything in there whether it be money or a token or a piece of paper. If you don't have food, she'll tell you she's ok with following you home to get something.
Where's Dwarfie Pie's pics? I want midget cock! I want it NOW!!!!
He definitely started out making a good point, Logan. His latest contributions to the discussion are a bit lacking though, in comparison to his earlier posts. That was the point i was trying to make there.

Nice try but I'm not buying it. His last post was the best one he made on the subject.




Can we re-do this for MAGFest? I will get a yellow suit made.
 Eppy, ten years ago I almost went to St. John's College myself.  (Useless random trivia alert.)   

Hey, me too. I almost wish I'd done it too, but being in that small a school? Ehhhhhhhh...

Also, my original Augh: Exams. Too little sleep. No focus left. This can only end well.  See, this is not the augh thread. I call myself out for mistaking the threads in my sleep-deprived state.  
LETS BOOGY!!!

HODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODORHODOR!
BOOTYCON '10!!
&quot;An optimist.&quot;
Having fun messing with people here! :D
  
  
 This is everything you have described and then some. Local to DC too! 
  
 ...cars.com/...26feedSegId%3D28705&amp;amp;aff=national  

Ha! I was totally leaning towards suggesting she get a Mini Cooper Type-S. Get out of my brain!
All women's labias are *gross.*
Got that covered for you Peabody.
Dr. Dre's &quot;The Chronic&quot; and Little Debbie Nutty Bars, because I was coincidentally obsessed with both at the same time some years back

Shumai and &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; because after I had my wisdom teeth out, that was the first solid food I ate and I was watching Lebowski at the time, and it was the first time watching it that I went &quot;I get it, this movie is great!&quot;
I'd wear a rat hat and eat a rat burger, any day, any place.
I heard about this from a co-worker.  Apparently, Jones Soda does this every year,  Has anyone tried this stuff?  This is there newest Holiday pack. 

I think it was supposed to say &quot;Wanna make love in dis club&quot;
Seeing as it's a daily reminder you exist, I would be so much happier if you would stop posting.
HEY FUCKNUTS, YOU FUCKING SCUM OF SOCIETY. YOU SELFISH EGO CENTRIC SHIT HEAD MOTHERFUCKER HUMAN WORM RIDDEN FILTH!

Ok, let me back up. So we went to a popular breakfast joint and there was a huge line-up and these people are just sitting there, having eaten their lunch, without a care in the world just sipping their coffees chit chatting and hooting the shit WHILE WERE WAITING IN A LINE UP TIO FUCKING EAT!

I mean Im not saying rush through your meal and stuff your face until you get indegestion and rush the fuck out, but for fuck sake you can SEE their are PEOPLE WAITING IN LINE FOR YOUR TABLE, maybe you can be a decent human being and just go somewhere else to chit chat and let other people enjoy the great meal you just had!


FUUUUCCCKKKKK YOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!
Haxorus

- Swords Dance isn't a bad choice. Just one will do plenty. But Haxorus' attack is already so high that you would probably benefit from Dragon Dance more, since it'll also up his less than optimal speed.
- Giga Impact isn't what I would go with. In doubles, losing a turn makes you EXTRA vulnerable. I suggest Brick Break instead, as it will provide more coverage and offer a counter to your only real concern besides dragons: Ice.
- If you're going to Outrage, I think you'd benefit more from holding a Persim Berry. After a Dragon Dance or two and with his already astonomical Attack, you're sealing your own death warrant if you hit yourself, possibly even just once. If your competition thinks anything like I do, I will be gunning for Haxorus' death as soon as fucking possible because he is dangerous if left unchecked. You kind of can't afford to take your own damage, and you definitely can't afford to lose a turn.

Ferrothorn (I fucking love this guy)

- You should PROBABLY reassign your EVs from Def/SpD to HP/SpD. Ferro already has ginormous Defense, and if you're sticking with Iron Defense, you won't really need the IVs. And if you're building a tank, which I get the impression you are, ALWAYS max out HP before anything else. HP is finite, Defenses can be modified with moves.
- Gyro Ball is an all right choice, but just be careful: It's useless against enemies who are as slow as you, or even close to.
- Poison Jab is a less than optimal choice for a move, IMHO. Yeah, poison is nice. But you're missing out on that sweet, sweet STAB. Power Whip is fairly reliable, hits extremely hard, and gets STAB. I use it, and love it.
- If you're going to stall wall with Leech Seed and Poison, you would be best served by having Protect also. Toxic might be a good replacement with Poison Jab if you're going this route.
- Combining Rocky Helmet with Iron Barbs is ALWAYS a good time. But again, if you're stall walling, let him hold Leftovers instead. Combining THAT with two leech seeds is an even BETTER time :D



I forgot one more note about Jellicent: Red Card isn't a bad idea in general, but Sitrus Berry might do you better. Red Card only works once, as you'd know, but it doesn't really jive with its ability, Cursed Body. As soon as a Poke is switched out, the disabling effect is gone.
One non-green thing I really regret doing is flushing after I pee because my roommate has a tizzy if he lifts the lid and sees yellow.
I can see arguments for both. Where are most of the rapists? That should be where Castle Black is.

California has to be High Garden because come on.

What about everything else? Where should the Red Keep lie? I'm trying to determine what everyone's house should be.
Purge the filth to make room for more.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.  THAT'S Jenny Lewis!?  Holy crap, I didn't even recognize her.  That is awesome.
  ' 
  
 Sure thing! We will be there around 9 is that ok? 
  
  PS:  p.s. I just noobed it up on my quoting :/     

I am actually totally ok with this if you can be off stage by 10.
BATHTIME
Except for Lone_Coyote.  I hear he's a real cowboy!  Oh for the love of god, we are all posting on a fucking internet messaging board that is aimed towards otaku and cosplayers. Not a single one of us is any better than anyone else in that department. For fuck's sake shut the hell up about people bein...  
We'll miss you, John!
No...Doom. Ron Simmons and Butch Reed.
You may, Cash.
I love hearing about people's favorite games. Usually, the stories behind how a game became someone's favorite is less about the game and more about how they played it at a unique moment in their life.  I love hearing about people's favorite games. Usually, the stories behind how a game became someone's favorite is less about the game and more about how they played it at a unique moment in their life.  
 What happened to you, quark?  

I have parents. Bitches be crazy.
Quick question, are you sure the person in the chat room isn't &quot;the boy&quot; just pretending to be some random girl? Does she appear as video in the chat room or just a photo? 

It seems like pretending to be a girl in order to talk another girl on the internet into calling or meeting would be a scheme crazy stalker guys would actually consider.
God, the way Quinn was all &quot;we're going to stay here and raise a family and i'll be a successful real estate agent&quot; was HEARTBREAKING. 

I agree.  I hated her all the while watching it because I can't believe how shallow she still is after everything from last season, but it really is sad that her biggest hopes, dreams, and aspirations for the future are just so... pathetic.  Average.  Boring.  Plain.  Like, she doesn't even want to try for anything better.  It's heartbreaking, that's the only good word to describe it.

I totes squealed when Blaine and Kurt kissed.  I'm such a fucking fangirl.  Kill me now.

In other news: I LOVED those original songs!!!  The loser one was definitely my fave.  I was impressed.  I could definitely see any of those songs as a hit on the radio.  Also: lol trout lips  
In before &quot;Pot Flavor&quot;
Awesome Spiderman mask that lights up was used for a Marvel themed burlesque show. Awesome spider web eye makeup did not survive the night.
Sergio,

Adam Sandler movie marathon at my house. Get over here.


Kisses!
dear ____

You're, not your. Stupid.
Happy day you were shot from the confines of your mother's womb!
 The route that cannonball took sounds like it came straight from a cartoon. Did they use a gigantic super bouncy ball?  

The whole time that I was reading this article I was laughing my ass off because I just thought of it as bugs bunny shit. Good thing no one got hurt, because it wouldn't be as funny.
So the developers are working on the Engineer update and already came up with some ideas of what works and doesn't.



zimthehomicidal posted this at 6/2/2004 8:15:45 PM PST (2 days ago)
Equipped Item: Technique scroll: &quot;Flying Glomp&quot; named &quot;Power of Gacktism&quot;
btw ask for Jenny, (heh heh heh)

God you're a dumbass.  It's 867.  Even a disgusting goth redneck like you should know that.
Uh, OK.  You're interested.  Terror has officially set in.
 Oh! Yeah double tail cast ons are a bitch and I always have to look them up in some capacity. Also they're purely aesthetic so if you decide you never ever want to do one again you don't have to.  

Really? I love long tail cast ons for certain things, they're one of the first I learned and are easy and quick. Another really good cast on that's sturdy and simple but a bit more time consuming, is the knit on cast on, where you start with a slip knot, and insert your needle as if to knit, start a knit stitch, but leave the previous stitch on the needle, then put the new stitch back onto the left hand needle. 

The Cable Cast On is extremely similar, but instead of making each new stitch through the previous stitch, you do them between them. For some reason this one tends to frustrate me by acting difficult.

Backwards loop cast ons are SUPER simple, but if you aren't used to them, can be trouble some, as if you pull too much on stitch, the loop behind it tightens, but is good for lace projects. 

Basically there are a million different cast ons, including some that work especially well for being invisible on ribbing and other things.

I'll show you where they get the creamy center.
today is the 5 year anniversary for my chapter of my sorority. WOOOOOOOOOO FUCK YEAH!!!!!!
I'm fine with 3D movies if they were made that way from the very beginning. If a movie has both 2D and 3D versions, I pass on the 3D version.


Kartos makes you drool, not weep.

Fixed.


Good to hear that you're doing well, hope you get back to 100% soon.
 Zim's just jealous because he gets punched and stabbed on a near constant basis to no fanfare.  

Damn you found me out.
The soundtrack for FLCL. All of them. Because The Pillows are goodly-ness.
I'm so glad I'm picky about what I watch on TV, otherwise I might be like Thunderer tearing people up online because of my own failure to change the channel.

BTW I loved Michelle's ball dress.
Now that's some hardcore gaming!

How many A.D.D. kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

LETS GO RIDE BIKES
Dobby's cleavage is the stuff of legends.

Sexy, sexy legends.
Vertical Lines by Leather Hands

It is usually the dick that stares back at you, not the balls...
You pussies. Why don't you step outside of your little white bread American boxes for once and try something new? God, one bite won't kill you, and if you don't like it, at least you made the effort.
Korean food is gross.
I'm not too picky about specific foods, but I'm really amazingly picky about how they are prepared.
My favorite prank call ever?


Yes it is!
Thank you, deathray.
What's the best way to make chicken breast fillets on these? I try them on my mini GF grill and they always get black on top. Even if I only cook them like 5 minutes. 

use a marinade or lightly brush it with olive oil.  

pre-heat the grill for about 5 mins, make sure to close the lid when pre-heating.

Cook for about 5-9 mins for boneless breasts or thighs.

You may need to use a non-stick cooking spray  I love my grill, great for burgers.  I love how when I grill salmon it comes out all crunchy.

I've yet to cook a steak on it, but I sure love making chicken satae on it.  
I remember I was like a young kid seeing this at the theater when it premiered, I was still in awe at Luke killing that thing with the huge fucking door to be saddened by the loss of the fat dude. I think I actually laughed because it was suppose to be comedic... especially when the other dude hugs him, I LOL'ed.

Didn't feel bad for him at all, he was bad guy, fuck him.
Money sent.   I only wish I had more.
sent what I can for now. it's not much, but it should at least cover a tank of gas to get you guys back and forth to the doctor's office a few times!

didn't see the 'add message' option until I'd already hit 'send', so pretend I wrote &quot;feel better soon!&quot; in there! :)
Big Group cosplay doesnt really work with tv shows like the ones you guys are mentioning. In the past we have been successful by just flat out choosing some obscure movie with large teams or groups everyone can take part in without taking a vote and...

I know its but till recently I wasn't even sure I was going... I know its late, but we still have ~2 months to go, we need to get on this shit NAOW.

I also agree that TV shows don't really work, we need something with groups or teams that can cater to a lot of people. So people start suggesting.

I suggest:

+ Baseketball: + Dodgeball: + Gangs of New York: + Balls of fury: BOOTY I DISAPPROVE
&quot;Stop your messing around
Time you straighten right now
Better think of your future
Else you wind up in jail

Rudy.  
A message to you, Rudy.
A message to you&quot;

I think it's about time for another 2-tone revolution.
Oh, a nice girlfriend.

Sorry, I was going to apply for that position, but I don't qualify.
What a backwoods hick. Them southern hicks scare me, they even got their animals mixed up. It's traditional for them to go after sheep! It's ok, he will never reach redneck status.
Obviously to you it is, but you don't know that because you can't remember the last 10 minutes.
I swear recruiters are the sith. Nearly everyone of them always have great opportunities, if I'm willing to move away from simulations / gaming software. I will not come over to the dark side! Databases are boring.
But for the record, when I talk to my coworkers or new people and tell them about cosplay, as a hobby, the reactions have always been positive. People think it's neat and unique, and interesting. Or they think I'm hot &amp; like my boobs. Either way, I win. (Sure, they only think good things about it b/c they don't know what these fucking cosplay freaks are like. But they are entertained by my stories of freaky stalkers &amp; creepy weirdos.)

This has always been my experience. Sewing is more socially acceptable again in the wake of Project Runway, and what little kid doesn't want to dress up as their favorite character from this or that? Occasionally people go &quot;omg halloweeeen&quot;, but there just seems to be less crap giving to cosplayers except by other nerds. I am ignoring the extremes and just focusing on the people who don't look like utter crap in their costumes. D&amp;D nerds have been made fun of in mainstream media, and until cosplay gets to that level it  just isn't as dorky.
I wish I had seen a sexy darth vader. I'd have been all over that.
he's just a proud member of an organization known as the BLACK HAND
homeowners
Ugh.  gross, dude.  Do you realize how offensive the H-Word is to us hobos?

~yay~

I have an appointment with my surgeon next week. I am bringing a pile of these pictures.
 Post something that doesn't make me want to vomit on you. No, really, go ahead. I want to see if you can do it.  

You're my hero, Noi.
They've gotta change his shoes too.
I'm getting it from Steam because.. fuck having that shit take space.
I tripped BALLS on morphine. Like, 24-hour hallucinations of all five senses. The only reference I was able to find on morphine hallucinations was as a side-effect of morphine withdrawal. I probably should have said something to the hospital staff, ...

the best thing to watch on morphine is apparently the first pokemon movie. I watched it with my best friend when he was on a heavy dose after surgery, and he was out of his fucking mind. 

as far as crazy side effects I've personally experienced, topamax gave me severe anxiety problems, even with a companion medication (lexapro) that was supposed to help balance it out.  at first I was just jittery and grinding my teeth, but then I started forgetting to eat and couldn't sleep (lost 20+ pounds in the first month), and then the sleep deprivation turned to hallucinations and manic fits for about three months before finally normalizing. FUN!
Canada's still better.
Coffee and a pork roll sandwich.
I notice that there is a trend of women here who equate men talking to them (however ineptly) as OMG WHAT A CREEPO. And if it ever goes sexual (as it inevitably does) he is LOSER PERV SCUM. 


This is the exact reason why I never message any of the women on here. 
You say one wrong thing, and you're pegged as some kind of Weirdy McCreepers.
You silly broads.

 sealed drafts make me nervous.. but i want to play them. I am forcing the hubby to practice with me online. Their sealed boosters are cheap.  

Just remember, removal is your friend.  Big bombs are awesome, but being able to kill shit wins you the game so much easier.
This is against the law. These &quot;students&quot; should all be caught and punished.
You tell me.
 Wrapped in the American Flag, on the lawn of the National Mall.    sorry to steal, but it just sounded like fun  
Looking for something a little more.. substantial than just a shrimp cocktail. Thanks though, that link leads onto some casserole dishes!


I basically never remember. Occasionally I'll buy like a million and then when those run out I'll be fucked and have to run to the store. I just don't think about it or plan for it! I never expect my period, I don't mark it on a calendar or some shit. The rest of my life is too busy!

I'm 34 yrs old and still don't remember when I'm supposed to have my period, I truly suck at knowing when I'm gonna have my period and secretly hope that it will spontaneously stop and never come back...I know it's crazy, but I'm a crazy person!!!!


Fuck you southern California! It's to expensive to live here. The rent is to damn high. Sometimes I wish I was back in Minnesota, where I had a descent paying job, my own apartment and some of my closest friends. Now I'm back in California and I have to live with my parents, working at a job, which I am grateful for but I'm doing twice the work as my previous job making less pay. It is starting to drive me crazy!
Kit, I don't really care if you're turned on by Bri or not.  Fact is that her and a few others on Stickam are REALLY uncomfortable in the room when you're around and I've talked to you directly about how creepy you can be. 
  
 Also, I started the r...

you know its pretty bad when sweetheart Mikel calls you out.
Oh son of a bitch.
Talk about the most disappointing drama precursor event ever. I keep looking for drama to reach the forums... what a HUGE let down.
Cute and dangerous.
That's so PC for someone in your station.
Mmm...kielbasa.
 Our server is basically anachronistic. I see the appeal of a governing body.  

Saw a youtube where a guy built a 16-bit computer out of redstone and wood. I think anachronistic is how you're /supposed/ to play.

Unless you mean anarchial because it totally is, I was on for like 5 minutes and I already knew the inmates were running the asylum. An asylum for both ADHD and OCD chimpanzees.
I wish it would snow.
I find our lack of Super Troopers flags really disappointing.
I haven't watched Skinemax in a long time, is this is the new movies or would I know it from older ones? Also, now I have a horrible urge to watch episodes of Passion Cove.
Oh man Sergio, I LOVE falafel!
- Discovering you're Force-sensitive.
He does that to people. Then again, all the girls &lt;3 him, so no complaints here.
The easiest way for me to tell if the girl actually had an orgasm is to see if I used the drill bit maneuver. If I did, she came.
Dr. Z..... FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Within three weeks of each other, I moved, I had two weddings, worked several wine tastings ontop of two fifty hour work weeks, and will have traveled to Baltimore and Chicago.  As well as trying to mend a relationship.  I am trying my best to say I'm not tired.  But I am rather very angry with my workloads.
Point of fashion: Filth
Current Obsession: Synthetic fear
Nathan Fillion...in a skirt.  :)
Dammit.  I always miss this.
My dress arrived too and it's absolutely gorgeous but my boobs are WAY too small for it or something because the top/back is huge and scary looking.

Oh noooooo.
Tried on the sweet coat that seemed to fit nicely in the store...doesn't fit so good.  A bit big.  I'm gonna look like Orson Welles.
:)
yes ma'am
I fail to see the correlation between video games and getting fatter.
Room's up!
I really just use Jamie's computer to use Ryan's tumblr for porn.
I want to dive through my computer monitor and pull down that man's pants.
How Can You?
population control
Wow.  That's creepy.
I just watched Gantz the other day so that's pretty much all I could think about when I saw that.
 Starting tomorrow every single complete season of Power Rangers (Mighty Morphin to RPM) will be available for instant streaming.  

Awesome God I can't wait to finish RPM.
I always pull off the little tabs on cans of pop or beer or anything canned really..

I have no idea why
Wow, it wasn't going there for a second. Wtf...
This is going to make stalking you so much easier.
&quot;Off-Centered Otaku posted this 12 hours ago on 12/08/05
Equipped: Hide (Leopard Hat Ver.) named &quot;Steve Erwin Hat&quot;
....Hey no offense lady in no postion to talk :) &quot;

Let's break down this...sentence and tell you what you've just told us, Otaku.

According to what I've just read, you are addressing someone called &quot;no offense lady&quot; and you are stating at they are located in &quot;no position&quot; so that they are able to &quot;talk.&quot;

This is the same as me saying &quot;Hey, Off-Centered Otaku is in Nebraska to chat.&quot;

Now, if you were attempting to insult someone, you may want to say something more akin to: &quot;Hey, no offense, lady, but you're in no position to talk.&quot;

However, I could be misinterpreting what you are attempting to say completely.  When your posts are  lacking not only punctuation but entire words, you're not giving us much to work with, are you?
At the very least it should wait for black friday.
All Agents and Assassins are required to be able to multitask. *shakes fist*
 Welcome to the fold.  
It was pretty bad though at parts. You have to admit when they have Male military guys going around starting fights or stereotypical american musicians acting full of themselves getting randomly violent, but in a way where it look like that's just what they do all the time...Engrish was funny &quot;We are not...Guilty!&quot; LOL I thought the love story was kind of interesting even if parts of the series destroyed my suspension of disbelief.
Seriously though... the comma placement in Rexall's original thread has had me thinking this since it hit the board.
Was tricked by India.  Damn!
I'm hungry and can't leave to eat yet. ..Stupid useless reports.
Sounds awesome!

 Cat, 
  
 You are one of the very best people in the world and I love you so much! 
  
 Love, 
 John  

What? No John Booty Approves tag?
My plan this week was to finish getting all the achievements on Lego Harry Potter year 5-7. Sadly work has been too busy all week so now I finally have my chance!


Simplicity: shredded carnitas, a little bit of cotija, some cilantro and onions, and throw the salsa on top.
Yes, but I'll buy you dinner first, I'm a gentleman!
PSA: DO NOT UPGRADE Your Sony PlayStation 3 To The Latest System Software Update 4.45, It May BRICK YOUR SYSTEM! 

Here's a thread full of people with bricked PS3's:


Wait for official word from Sony until it's safe to do so!
A what? A plant and seed trade/showoff? Who the fuck are you? Actually I already know the type. I will be happy to provide you with a shower and a haircut, but when it comes to you telling me about invasive species and that bullshit. Oh well if you worthless sack of shits start fucking up the Hawaiian lands here on Kauai, (Like you already do.) we will fuck you over 50 years by planting a gallon of spotted knapweed seeds over the entire island.
Lisa, Sean and Tiffany did say something. Seemed like enough to me. 

He's also immediately local. It's not like he shelled out for a plane ticket just for this. He's probably thinking he'll show up and if it sucks he'll just drive home. 

We've got a little over a month to suss the motherfucker out and people have already told him he's probably not going to have fun, I see no reason to panic at this point. Best case scenario, he posts and/or meets up with some people and turns out to be cool ahead of BC, and god forbid we get a single new member this year. Worst case scenario, he shows up and we have to drown him in someone's bathtub. Win-win.  ... this isn't momojenny's boyfriend is it  
Shot for shot of sailor jerrys with bacon in av chat. i am fucking FUBAR right nowl. anjd i have the hiccups wtf

Fnatic? You just earned a new fan.
Lindsey Lohan is not hot!
I guess that I'm the only person who enjoys anything With Santino (Not Santina), and Miz?  Also, the Edge promo was great too, in my Opinion, but we do need less of Batista, HHH, and Orton.  This shit is just getting old.
updates on those dates yall! How awkward for me to think about, I really don't know hoe to date.
lol wow ken is even lower than I remember..  he's fun to play, but yeah.  not going to win a major. 

 ...ever. 
  
 and unfortunately, like other SF games - the tier list is fairly strict.  I don't see anyone from C on ever winning anymore ...

Even though it's strict, I personally think any char can take it to the top. =D
Certainly not expecting you or anyone else to give the tiniest shit
Are you kidding? I've based so many great stories off of how you like your women, including the basis for how the dinosaurs went extinct! I may not know you, but welcome back!
Beach uno
Motherfucking Akira
THIS
also Geinoh Yamashirogumi Album Ecophony Rinne is similar to their AKIRA work

Mass Effect 2 Atmospheric
You can check it out here

I really also love this music
Mass Effect 2: Kasumi's Stolen Memory

Artist: Stars of the Lid Album: Avec Laudenum
Really ambient stuff you can check it out here

Brian Eno

Apollo: Atmospheres &amp; Soundtracks
and     Ambient 1: Music for Airports

Shadow of the Colossus Roar of the Earth
Ghost in the Shell OST (Movie Version not the series) except track 11 and maybe 12
Ghost in the Shell Innocence OST except for track 5 and 12
Ninja Scroll OVA OST

You can also find remastered Fallout 1 &amp; 2 MARK MORGAN &#8220;VAULT ARCHIVES&#8221; tracks for free here. City of the Dead is a excellent and creepy track on there. only the Mp3 version is up though.
Miyu... wow.

My higher brain functions have shut down. I've gone monosyllabic.

So just &quot;wow&quot;.
I wonder what James Brown and Johnny Cash would talk about in a coffee shop.
Man, that sucks something awful.  D:  Hope it heals quickly.
I SAID FUCKING CUT IT OUT YOU FUCKING FAGGOT

DO NOT TREAD WHERE YOU ARE NOT WANTED, COCKSMEAR
Huh. Never thought about it. No, I definitely don't, but maybe I will give it a try? I don't have a normal &quot;stimming&quot; action though, so it might be too contrived.
I don't have a cat but consider my grandparents' cats to be mine whenever I visit. Hee!

Here's Hunter. He's about 2-3 years old and super tolerant. He's built kind of thick but totally all muscle. He weighs like 10 lbs.
  
  
 HAHA!  Leaving early paid off.  I clearly didn't drink enough to lower my immune system into catching this horrible plague.  

In that case I'm calling you out for being a BITCH!!!!! lol &lt;3
 Dear Cancer, 
  
 What Gavin said. It is not nice to see you again.  
  
 p.s. Hay researchers! Since I've done all the chemo I can, could you come up with something new please? It would really suck to run out of options. Thanks!  

Oh hell fucking no :(
 I always thought, if it was proper manga, lisa would have a decent rack... Image: 604x418 JPG, 89KB.  Click to view. 

Holy cow is that for real?
Every thing you just said. I didn't even play sh5, I played a few minutes of Origins, and lost all interest in anything new that comes out.
dear___

I wish you didn't live so far away. You have been what I have been asking for. &lt;3
 Newbie Posting Tip #34992 - Do not say Snarf at the end of your posts. It makes you look like a simpleton.  

If it walks like a duck, and talks like a duck...
So...does this mean I should bend over...?
WEAK SAUCE.
I wanna take a bottle of whiskey and piss in it, cap it, then coerce some asshole a thousand years to now to drink it.
Yeah!

Help yourself to all the yaoi you can squeeze out of Gnosis!
Very much so.
If raising your voice to a firm even tone that is not yelling, not mean, or not in anyway inappropriate but rather just setting the boundaries in a LOUD cafeteria is considered awful then not only do I not want to work for this district but I don't ...

Steph...this disgusts me too! We are supposed to be teaching these kids to be better people yet we're not supposed to &quot;yell&quot; at them because it will crush their fragile little spirits. If you ask me some of them need to have their spirits crushed because they walk around doing whatever they want and they don't care if they get in trouble, because mommy and daddy will call school and complain and then buy them a new I-pod. This is why kids don't respect adults anymore...they don't have THE FEAR.
Oh god, I dont want to buy Guild Wars.

It will consume me, I kinda like my free time. I was planning on catching up on some reading. *cries* But I need it.

Okay so after class at 3 I will go to Fry's Electronics and Buy it.

Im such a whore. I dont EVEN like videogames! I just love to play co-op games. I swear, if I dont get to party with friend or if they dont allow BLACK skin tones. I will fucking rip jimmy's head off.
I don't like it when Barron watches me look through photos or edit pictures on Photoshop. It's definitely a me time thing.
 I wasn't being serious stop yelling at me!!!!!!  

No!!!!  We aren't living in a hologram, we're living in a rare foil chase card.  
D'aawww that's so cute! We love you too JB! &lt;3
  Image: 1600x1200 JPG, 433KB.  Click to view. 

Mangina!  YES!
Damn, Brandon!
Wow, this is amazing. Congratulations.
once again, my keyboard doesnt have sensitive keys
that was meant to be CANT, and once again, you are desperate to find ANYTHING to attack me with.
After laboriously preparing a ham sandwich for him (which was actually more like laboriously watching my grandma start preparing it before I could even move after making the comment, as she was obviously overjoyed that I'd come to this conclusion on my own and without her guidance) and another trudging walk across that sauna otherwise known as asphalt in the Georgia summer, I got to his office only to discover ... 

He wasn't there! 

Yet again, my plans to conform to my grandmother's matchmaking seem to have been foiled by the very fates themselves.  

Not a problem.  I call my grandmother to let her know, since otherwise she might send me back over here for some other part of her plan, and leave the lunch on his desk, along with a note - one dictated by she herself, as I'm kind of just letting this be her game at this point: 

&quot;Sorry for the miscommunication! Here's some food to make up for it! =) Erin.&quot; Followed by my phone number, because she'd told me to put it on there, and I'd much rather know he has it, than wake up to some random call at some point because she decided to give it to him herself.  

As I leave to head back across the parking lot, though, he appears, subway bag in hand, and calls out to me.  We chat for a few minutes, I let him know about the food. 

&quot;Oh.  Well, I'll just put this sandwich in the fridge and eat the one you made for me!&quot; He offers as a solution to the conundrum of too much food.  (Really? Christian, Republican, Glee hater, and he can't eat two sandwiches? Man.  What's wrong with this boy?) 

All goes pretty well, we chat while he eats, until he decides he needs to actually start doing some work again.  I discover he hates Glee, which I already stated but bears repeating, because not liking Glee is one thing, and understandable if you want to savor your masculinity, but hating it?  Now that's just not right.  However, the conversation is kind of like pulling teeth; it's uneventful, and not even painful because you're already full of Novocaine.  I carry the conversation entirely; asking him questions results in maybe two word answers, not conversations themselves, and I find myself quickly discovering that while he's cute, there is actually zero chemistry there at all. 

Can't say I didn't give it a go, though! 

And he has my number, so if he does call me, I will keep this thread alight of any ensuing hilarious hijinks.
Since when did Bucky have a sister named Tulip? Has it been that long since I've watched the show that I can't remember everything?
 Second thought I should have spent more time on the Gavin one. :/  

Haha, maybe just a little.
No dear, they're all scary.
Here you can see it firing...
Evil dead II
Drag Me to Hell
Alien
Ginger Snaps
Audition
Bride of Chucky
Dawn of the Dead (original, fuck Zack Snyder)
Scream
Nightmare on Elm Street (again, original)
Psycho

My top ten horror flicks  in no particular order  
I thought this little excerpt from OKC that I got a week or two ago was pretty good.


&quot;I would father all your children purely out of honor, for all that shit you said&quot;

I think it's because I said I hated her and &quot;FUCK THE POLICE&quot; at one point, but I can't be sure.
 I shaved a spot and let it grow back to test it and it seemed to grow back without any problems! 
  
  
 My legs have never grown back badly, either.  

I shave my arms too :] 

And when they do grow back if I decide not to, they aren't a hassle at all.
Wow, people really blow my mind.
Actually, I've just seen a couple entire presentations in my photography class about some people's work in between grad school and during, and I really think grad school can be a great idea for art related subjects.  Of course, it's great to at least take a year or two off from school.

A strong portfolio is the most essential thing; however, building work outside of a class like environment or in an independent study in grad school may really teach you your working style, continuing your artistic vision, and most importantly maybe make connections.  I don't know from personal experience, but the critiques in Grad school seem much more intense; I think it could help, but that's in my opinion with things like photography.

Overall, I don't think you need to rush it grad school if it's either too much of a stretch for you, but I've heard good things, so I'd at least look around.
I'm glad to hear that it went ok.  Now you take care of yourself, ya hear
Just confirmed today that my copy will be in stock for the midnight release this monday/tuesday.

To all you WoWheads, what are your plans for the week? I know a couple of guildies that are going to burn some vacation time power levelling to 70. Planning on rerolling a draenai or blood elf? 

I've also played some of the beta so I can answer some of your nagging questions if you have any.
You know you've had a damn good shagging session when you're too bloody shattered to bother cleaning yourself up afterwards and you wake up during the night with extremely sticky inner thighs. 

So, just how pregnant are you right now?
Not to be an asshole or nothing, but thats the kind of thing people would like to know about before choosing their roomies, if someone was a shit roomate people should complain about them after BC.

I've only ever had awesome roomates though!
Tachikohmygawd.
You and me both, Charlie.
New name...same great flava'!
BALL CLEVAGE!!!!! XD haha oh man that made my day.
Annnnd the new CL posting still not showing up. Can someone do me a favor and look to see if it's there and I'm just somehow missing it? I'm in Dayton, obviously looking for a dude. In the email CL sends, when I click the link, it shows my post as &quot;active&quot; but when I look in the postings, it's not there. 

Title of my posting is &quot;no, I'm not addicted to sex&quot; and I attached pics. 


There doesn't seem to be any problems with OTHER people posting in the area, they're updated like every five seconds. So apparently it's just me. Dammit. The universe wants me to stay celibate, I can tell. Well, FUCK YOU, UNIVERSE, I want some dick!
I have to build a bridge over like 100 blocks over a lake of lava, fun times now.
Asians are everyone's weakness.
6:30am? man, gangnam style video is really taking over my life. good night y'all
Holy.  Shit.  It blows my mind that creatures like this actually exist out there in our world.  How awesome is that?
If you watched the Confidential episode its implied that we haven't seen the real amy at all this season..which is sort of nuts and brilliant.
   I'm even more curious to see where this series is going to go..
I've loved how cold the Doctor was at the end. 
 also, I need to watch the episode again, but did Gamy reveal to the Doctor or John Smith about their impending death in that scene?
I'm down (I'm really down)
I'm down (Down on the ground)
I'm down (I'm really down)
How can you laugh when you know I'm down!
WHAAOOO!

Remember when at the end of book six, they were like &quot;we have to find this locket which was last had by this guy who went to azkaban,&quot; also &quot;stan shunpike's in azkaban and someone should save him,&quot; and you were like, &quot;oh shit. book seven we finally ...

More like, &quot;Hey guys, we're finally one step closer to destroying all the horcruxes! Let's go talk to Mr. Lovegood about that symbol.&quot;

&quot;Aw, bugger, that's just a fairy tale.&quot;

&quot;You mean, you don't know about the three brothers and The Quest?&quot;

Best &quot;shit-just-got-real&quot; moment of my entire reading career.
Actually Tommy and I had nothing but great things to say about the hotel staff. So either we got lucky, or Christina just drew the wrong lot.

 They even helped us out when the lamp in our room fell over and broke. We were dead certain we were both going to get reamed for breaking it, but the girl behind the front desk said &quot;Well, it was an accident so don't worry.&quot; They also sent us up a microwave within five minutes when Tommy mentioned his food had gone cold after being sick all night.

Needless to say, Tommy and I have already talked about trying to make this. It's still up in the air because it's no longer a holiday weekend, Tommy will have just moved back two months prior, and will be after I've presumably already taken time off for the holidays, so I don't know what's going on, but I'd love to make it.
She's only just arrived but I want to stab Admiral Cain in the face.
I was in love with the game the moment that my Bounty Hunter
said, &quot;Hand it over, or I'm going to shoot you in the face.&quot;

John you are my favorite poster
Wooo! I finally found this thread again. It's worth resurrecting(sp?) because Ryan and his dad are just so fucking wonderful!

Aside from the delicous, expertly grilled with love-and-tender-care meats.. aside from the funny and confusing backyard games of wherewolves &amp; townspeople and Bachiball(did I say that right? I'm not sure)...

THIS DUDE RYAN.. and his dad got me on a plane for free the next morning just so I could stay longer and not have to take another 17.5hr train ride back! You sir, do in fact err on the side of AWSOME!!
 Actually it's Tony Chachere's but tears are a close second  

I don't even know what that is.
Noi, you look stunning in blue.  Who ties your knots?
 This will be the last one before Marvel Studios takes the movie license back.  

Where'd you hear that? Most studios have comic licenses in perpetuity until they fail to produce a new film. That's the whole reason this reboot was made in the first place. Same with X-Men First Class. And don't for a minute doubt that every single one of these new actors didn't sign at least a three-picture deal.

This is also why Fox is threatening to reboot Fantastic Four, Daredevil, and why there's another goddamn Ghost Rider movie in the works.
I finally had some HeBrew RIPA on Rye last night, and oh man, it was delicious. If you like bourbon in any way, I recommend that you track some down before it's gone.
 
  
 You're ignoring the part where it's impossible to get a job flipping burgers in some parts of the country right now, and even a job at McDonald's isn't enough to feed a family of four. So what people shouldn't be able to eat because you think ...

Ignoring it? No, I was responding directly to your post how I think that argument was not a good one. What the fuck?
 I was pretty sure that was point three, but you've got a nice ass, so I'll let it go.  well the fact that this thread exists kinda says that it needs special attention

also thanks
Since I don't know who anyone else that was nominated I cannot say with any certainty that Obama deserved the prize. But I am not in the least way disappointed or confused that he won. 

Lets face it, as the most powerful country of the world, everything we do effects everyone. People very much look to us on the state of the free world. They pay attention to us if we are doing good or bad, and it has a ripple effect to their countries in one way or another. 

I think its safe to say that the world as a whole hated our last president, allot of bad things happened to our country and world on his watch, and his administration made some bad decisions. Obama brought hope to everyone that things are going to change not only in America but abroad. The voting of a African-American, a member of a people that had been victim of so much wrongdoings is a sign that America is willing to change its ways of old, and embrace some of the broader views of the international community. I have not been alive for many presidential races but I can't think of one where you see almost as many people celebrating in Africa and Asia as in the United States for a US President. It don't happen.

Yes, hope is a intangible human emotion that can easily fade, but in my opinion so is peace. I think the hope that he brought during his election and despite not as strongly he still brings to America and the international community is just as important as any anything else that could be nominated for the prize. So I don't get he people who don't think he deserves to be on there or confused why he won.

tl;dr  First Black President  
Also me I moved in down the street
Even though this sucks, that guy is gonna make BANK, depending on his rank and such. 
  &quot;Anger's not the word. I was more concerned about the financial impact it's going to do. My pay's probably cut in half,&quot; said Paul Bandel. 

He must have a pretty good job. Luckily they are required to keep his spot open for his return, and if they don't, he can sue the shit out of them. 

Plus, depending on his job, he won't see combat. Hopefully his chain of command will be smart enough to keep him back behind the wire. Unfortunatly the article gives neither his rank nor job, so I can't make a true educated assessment.

Still, that does suck ass to suddenly be called back up. I got a guy who I trained with for my job, who's here in Korea with me now, who turned 40 in AIT. We all called him &quot;dad&quot; back then. I'm sure this guy is going to get a LOT of shit from the younger soldiers. But he should get respect from his chain of command both for the age and prior experience. 

This guy probably knows units that no longer exist... that's kinda cool actually.
Harry Potter and the Inner City 8th Grade Class That Is Better Than Him at Geography, World History, Algebra, Geography, Classic Literature, Biology, And All Kinds of Shit Because He Spent Most of His Time Making Potions Turning His Friends into Cat...


AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Holy shit jojo.
All of the above, but more of the latter, for me.
This thread reminded me to take my birth control pill, thanks guys!
Yeah I've been keeping up with this. I hope I can try it out before those founder packages go away!
The stellar posters defending TWD have really made me see that Tori is just a big ole bitch.  For real, of course.
Damn AMP, u make a better me than me. Ill guess ill have to be someone else now..but who..
It's pretty obvious to me -- given the fact that this is The New Yorker and not the the NY Post -- that the cover is indeed a parody of the bullshit attacks aimed at Obama by paranoid, racist, and/or just plain stupid conservatives and other ...

Pair that with the people who play that &quot;you look wonderful tonight&quot; song at their wedding.

FYI he's being sarcastic.
I've never really read these, but my roommate has a bookshelf full of them that she keeps adding to. I always see like one or two of them lying around in almost every room in our house.

A lot of you say you don't read them anymore.  Should I start?
Thanks, guys! I thought it was pertinent to the discussion currently going on about boobies.

Scientific research and all.
Hot damn, Marcy! Share some of that!
I FUCKING LOVE GANGPLANK
I would like to add that while the spiders are impressive, the first bird looks like it was caught in the web and the goliath... well, chickens are necessarily known for their ability to evade capture.

That praying mantis? /It plucked a hummingbird out of the air./

I honestly think we're focusing on the wrong species. Mantid warrior monks are going to kick out asses.
Make up your fucking mind. 

And you need to stop being an ass hole.
Here's more pepper porn for you:
haha, looks like its going to be fun.
but what did they use for blood, fruit punch gatorade?  

Grenadine or strawberry jam would work.
 COCONUT OIL   Marina, this is your answer for everything  &lt;3

But I'm not saying it won't work.
God damn it, now I'm not only thinking of the movie, but of this little girl.  Must...not...cry...
Kitchen:
I think when you're still a teenager you have the right to be embarrassed or uncomfortable about the squares mooning over your childhood photos. It has something to do with your ongoing struggle to be seen as something more than a child.

Personally, I'm not embarrassed or uncomfortable about people looking at my childhood photos, I'm just impatient for them to be done with it because I really don't get anything out of it. I'm not particularly nostalgic and I don't like reminiscing. I prefer looking forward to looking back.

Honestly, I don't get anything out of it when other people show me their old photos, even if they're people I care about. It's like, I wasn't there, I didn't know that kid you claim was you, and a picture of some rugmonkey on a slide tells me nothing about who you are or where you're coming from. It might as well have come with the frame. Now put that shit away so we can go out and have some fun in the here and now.

I do feel bad that when I was 10 or 11, I burned a photo my parents had of me at about 4 or 5, bare-ass naked, lying on my stomach and smiling. Of course they thought it was the cutest thing, and showed it to everyone they could. They still don't know what happened to it and I'm sure they wish they still had it.
If Vlak did the seducing, but I did the pitching, that would be my highest score.
Bacon is clearly the best. I never appreciated ham until a few years ago, when after Easter my roommate and I bought a GIANT ham and made salads and mashed potatoes and gravy and cooked it up, shit was amazing. First ham I ever ate that was good.

Pulled pork is awesome. Everything else about pork is awful. The texture makes me cringe!
Midnight tonight, Riot time.
I thought this was a post on Sergio Freaking out that his XBox had the RRoD when the XMen game was released.
Good timing with that pic! As we were scooting through a parking lot today to get Kasey from school we discovered an Asian Market &amp;amp; Cafe tucked in the back of a shopping center across the street. 
  
 We didn't have time to go in but we plan on ...

We can go to Grand Asia if you want. It's in Crossroads, and it's literally the biggest Asian Market in the entire state.
Andrew Specifically said that the government did not have a responsibility to help people in the case of natural disasters, this is what I am commenting on guys.  

I'm getting the impression that some of you think that the government needs to protect people from natural phenomena or their own stupidity. Both of those notions are naive, and in my opinion, contemptible. The government should strictly be in the business of protecting us from the actions of other people.

  
I'm really trying to hold it together and not wallow in self-pity and blaming myself for being let go from the job because I know realistically the Philippine division is so inept that they routinely let go of people once they've got some time under their belts because a-they start making too much money and b-the longer you deal with them the more evident it is they don't know what they're doing and they're trying to keep it to themselves. But I feel so lost and dumbfounded and helpless because there is no recourse to their form letter and I can't help but think I'm a big fat failure and we'll backslide into having to move back to that hellhole we came from if I can't find another job and I am trying to put on the strong face for the guys but god damn is this a miserable feeling.
Lando Jo, now that you're a mod does this mean we all HAVE to have sex with you?
&lt;3

Holy crap that AWESOME
I really like the Blue Moon Winter Seasonal. SO different from regular Blue Moon! I would equate it to a New Castle.
The doctor who had to look at my nasty wound to make sure it was healing properly was the spitting freakin' image of Cary Elwes. I'm sorry, cute doctor, for making you look at me all gross!!! 

 OH MAI GAWSH My dad has a facebook! D8 NOOOOOOO!!!!  
I really really hate the way people look at me over here.
I'm a fan.  The episodes from iggy to dio were so amazing.  I felt the new episodes (DVDs 1-3) were only okay.  If I had known, I would have only bought DVDs 4-6.  BTW, the compnay that owns the American release lag so hard!  It literally takes them 1 year to put out one DVD!  I'm expecting to pickup JOJO 5th DVD at expo 2k6.  We'll see...
Bored out of my FUCKING mind, let's play
Armbar
NOO WHAT?? ORKS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE MEEEEAAAAANNNNN!!!!
Downloaded the new pack and ran some missions with two of my friends (WWNSX has run with them with me before).

The maps:
Really awesome maps. Much better additions than the clusterfucks that are Firebase: Condor and Firebase: Hydro. The first one I did was based on the Salarian homeworld mission while the second was on Thessia, but it was a mostly new map (not based on anywhere you went when you were on Thessia). There were a few minor bugs as far as cover was concerned on the new maps, but mostly pretty well designed.

New Characters/Weapons:
Didn't unlock any, but I'm excited to try out the new Phoenix and Quarian characters. Looks very interesting. And from what I've been able to gather from the forums, the Reegar Carbine is basically a lightning shooting flamethrower with a super short range but it's ridiculously destructive...

Others:
One thing they didn't mention in the main link was a new type of equipment. I forget what they call it, but it's basically something you equip which gives a static bonus but it's not consumed after the mission. It's, obviously, not as strong as a consumable and you can only equip one at a time, but it's still pretty solid. For example, I got the Tier I (of 5) of the Shotgun Rail upgrade (not the temporary mod) and it gave a 5% damage boost with shotguns while it was equipped. There are tons of different types... check out your Multiplayer Manifest under the section &quot;Gear&quot; to see what options there are.
grilled salmon and spicy cabbage.
 
 The Silence (which will fall) is not The Crack, though it's possible they're related. 
  
 The Silence is part of that Pandorica prophesy from Prisoner Zero.  Thus far, anyway. PS:  Where did you hear the mention of The Silence?  I don't s...

If you don't think that the Pandorica, The Silence that will fall, and the cracks in time aren't related you're not paying enough attention.

When a crack opens somewhere, what happens? Things in time related to that area, people in that area, events in that area, etc. disappear (saw that in the second part of the angels episode). That creates a relative silence. When the cracks become numerous enough or big enough, there will be nothing. The silence will fall. I thought it was fairly obvious?
Happy birthday, you conquistador!
That is such wonderful news!
FUCKIN' RIGHT IT'S A REY-REY THREAD UP IN THIS PIECE SON
Yea sure, why not?
what these criminals don't understand is...

He's not locked up with them...


They're locked up with him
A friend from Capoeira just burned me a copy.

What's happening here is more then just Disney pulling its &quot;Vault&quot; shit. They scheduled a new version to land before the new movie so they pulled the old versions, but then the original Tron tested really poorly. They're afraid that people will watch the original, get turned off and skip the sequel.
 I AM excited about the movie despite the casting choice.  I was ambivalent about Robert Downey, Jr. playing Iron Man at first, too, so I might just be overreacting to him being typecast as &quot;the funny guy.&quot;  

But Robert Downey, Jr. can actually act.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me0hoAJl2Gg
I love Flo.
I was too distracted with the sight of all of you snazzed up in suits to notice any kind of date going on. 



I'll be in my bunk.
Nothing like seven months of self-imposed celibacy to really murder a sex drive.
when i worked full time, i'd pick up like a half ounce a week
The guy was 97... how much longer did you want him to live? I mean Michael, Farrah and Billy were a shock because of their ages but this... let the guy finally rest.
I just hung out with Angelina tonight and took in her hakama and uniform top.  I asked if Leah had called about the whole porn thing, and would you be amazed that she did not?


Otherwise, still gonna have to wait on pictures, I gotta run for now!

I've been having tally word dreams. I keep having dreams about amazing mind blowing sex that has to end abruptly or about eating all of the cupcakes. What's my body trying to tell me???
Not the beard!!!
Well I already have a couple pairs of leisure suit pants I can use for Revenge of the Nerds, and if we do Always Sunny I'll just buy some rouge and blue footie pajamas so I can be the boy from the musical.
It's very rewatchable! They have freaking NAILED so many iconic moments
Because I'm the skeptical person in the group, I noticed one has to install a &quot;Coupon Printer&quot; in order to print these coupons.
Yeah, that's pretty much where I stop in my pursuit of &quot;free&quot; as well.
 Still will not have been in another relationship.  
What say we endeavor to have the first Sith master/apprentice children or grandchildren?

Everyone needs to take part in the circle of OB Life.
didn't she pull the same shit with Lindze way back when??
Yeah with all that energy being used they will need some gatorade to refresh themselves and keep their energy up.
DUDE. I think I just had a Britgasm over that news.
My personal bests:

El Paso by Marty Robbins
War by Edwin Starr
The Gambler by Kenny Rogers  And any B-52's, my Fred Schneider is pretty stellah  
i am a cock
i am an island
Seriously you fucking trolls? You have to resurrect a post from fucking OCTOBER just to make fun of me some more? 

What the fuck is it with you people? I mean, what the fuck pisses you off about me SO MUCH that you just have to keep bringing me up just to talk shit about me?
Where Dead man go
My apologies to whomevers' room I left a bottle, shaker, and muddler in, I kinda forgot I left it there.

Everything else, I APOLOGIZE FOR NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!
That is just brilliant!

exploding contraception!!!




...I hope she isn't allergic to spermicide like I am... kinda sucks
But but... I want to throw a huge party in January.

It'll be way out here in the boonies of MD, but but it'll be SO SEXY AND MY HOUSE IS SEXY
Hil Hil needs a holday named after her.
I was hoping that there would be only one of these made, and it was an event in which the coin was presented along with a challenge and had to be passed around for the entirety of BC.  Nobody can be challenged more than once.  Every challenge would be recorded with the time elapsed between the challenge and its completion.  At the closing ceremonies, the remaining attendees would vote upon the best challenger based on time, skill and difficulty.  The winner keeps the coin.

 I realized that I'm capable of summoning The Most Epic of Queefs. I really don't understand how, as I'm quite small in that region, but it's seriously impressive! I wish I could use this power for good!we will call you &quot;gyno-blast&quot; defender of the gates
why does ryan get to have his lion as his profile pic, but i can't have mine? :(
Lost an inch on waist, and on thigh, and hips and chest are staying the same. I am SO ok with this.  Posted pictures, it's hard to see the difference since at my house I have to stand on the edge of my tub. Also I never notice until the side pictures how badly I seem to stand with my hips tilted instead of straight, I suppose that's why my dance teacher always fussed at me to &quot;tuck my butt&quot;  
I am ALREADY WORKING ON THIS, folks.

I tell you what, that boy has got one fine ass on him.
COME AT ME, CUNT
you got a friend in me.

You've got a friend in me!
Hey guys it's my tumblr, which I treat like like my own personal /ob/ random thread:

TRASHED and just finished talking with my mom-buddy about everyyhint from porn, to husbands to post baby sex. omg i love drinking with my omm frie4nds!
ps uim drunk
And a poor one at that!
Movie of hte fucking Year.  

Hahaha I'm kidding.  It wasn't that good.

IT WAS THAT GOOD.  MOVIE OF THE DECADE
New here, and ready to meet people and party!
Well that was surprisingly satisfactory. Though a little odd, since I feel Karin's death is a hell of a lot more important than Danzo's.

Still, they're both dead, and no more illusion shenanigans (for now).
Damn, nia, lookin' good.
 Dear Ladies, 
  
 It's really NOT THAT hard to pull out the seat cover and place it over the toilet seat instead of fucking peeing all over the fucking seat and making it less sanitary. THANKS. Oh BTW, die in a fire.  

Women piss on the seat? Whoa...
 I refuse to act serious about this. I will purely see the humor. Which is what I do with everything. Because I'm not a loser.  


I'm not saying &quot;Oh this sucks, act seriously about it.&quot; I'm saying that while it IS funny, it probably sucks for that kid.
Eppy vs. Eppy's floating severed head.
 Come on guys, let's redub Sailor Moon!  

Only if I can be Venus!
I try to show my love by being dependable. Whenever someone I care about has a problem or othersuch emotional dilemma they tend to come to me because I'll either make them feel better with jokes or help the problem with some outside insight.

Otherwise, I like maintaing a &quot;You get the next one&quot; policy when it comes to eating and drinking with people I care about. Not a &quot;I'll get the next one&quot; policy, because that's more selfish I think.
 
  
 I have another, a rabbit, but I actually don't like it very much. PS:  The worst part about walking around my apartment naked is being HELPLESS if a bug comes between me and the doorway. We both just freeze and we stare each other down ...You club the bug to death with your non-working vibrator- Duh!!!
Bathroom things(I don't mind sexy shower time, but I hate when I'm being watched while bathing, shaving, ect), bank accounts. I really hate when a boyfriend stares over my shoulder when I'm doing things, or creep on my phone conversations. Going through my phone, reading my text messages. Just stuff that is mine and is off limits.
This lady at work put up a shitty sign in the bathroom criticizing &quot;whoever gets water on the counter around the sink and paper towels on the floor.&quot;

I haven't seen ANY PAPER TOWELS ON THE FLOOR. As for the sink situation...this is a long counter with three sinks. The ONE paper towel dispenser is on the far right. So unless you use the far right sink you will be dropping some water along the way. Also she has her flat iron, hairspray, etc. all laid out along the side of the far right sink every morning and just leaves it there. If you happen to be in there while she's doing her hair you are screwed at getting to the paper towels as she isn't moving. 

This bitch has got some nerve. Who does their hair and makeup in the office every day? Is this a thing? I don't mean little touch up but full blown start to finish beauty routine. 

I want to write on her shitty note that if she didn't want to see water on the sink to move her shit and/or get up ten minutes earlier.  Soooooooo me and my coworker Zoey were in the bathroom this morning first thing and notice that there's baby powder on the floor and back wall of one of the stalls. We had noticed last week that someone had a bottle of baby powder in that same stall on top of the lid of the little trash can in there. Weird but whatever. There's all kinds of grooming supplies in that bathroom and I just mind my own business. 

But someone had made a mess and we were like &quot;Okay don't know what that's all about&quot; and moved on. Later in the day the bitchy lady from the above note saga walked in the bathroom while Zoey ws in there, saw the powder, turned around and left, and came back in with her cell phone, humming to herself and took a picture of the powder on the floor.

What is going on?????

  
 Nah, Clara, Brian IS actually allowed to wear a fanny pack. Don't ask me how or why, but he is.  

I'll take your word for this, for now.  I do find it highly suspect though.  My own aUGH!!

As if my home isn't full of enough crazy and stress already, due to family conflict (roommate's family, not mine) and other stuff I now don't have internet at home and have to do my homework at the library or some other public access hot spot, depriving me of the privacy and comfort of my own room for homework and putting my homework at the mercy of things like opening and closing times of said public services and private businesses.

I HATE being disconnected, even when I don't have homework, but right now my education has the highest priority in my life and things that get between me and being able to do my homework are just fucking unacceptable.

I can't believe I'm looking forward to living with my little sister and her baby daughter, how can living with a baby look less stressful than well... basically anything else at all ever?  I&quot;m so fucking pissed.  
Maybe it's the drink but I just approved a whole bunch of pics of this Subject guy and I'm laughing so hard. Is he in your state, too?  Man, tonight there is no end.

Say hello, and tell us a bit about yourself!
At this point I've realized that while long term relationships can work for some people, they are terrible for me. So what I'm looking for are open relationships.

Couldn't he just sleep around and save himself even more trouble?  
 Dude, no, I don't care that much about the outfit in the porno, but she entered the costume contest at blizzcon!  
  
 /posting from my phone, I love it.  

Okay, that's just wrong.

The blizzcon thing. Not the phone thing.

The phone thing is hot.
Haha, wtf happened?

I said something stupid, after he said something I thought &quot;sounded&quot; stupid. Then you caught me on my stupid, so I backlashed with more stupid and blatant mockery.

Then he stupidly got serious retarded.

Now we're all a little bit more stupid.
need more people.....
I love this hat
seconding Jemstone on both counts.
y'all alcoholics gon' be so drunk
Damn. That's a good point.
count me in! I dont see why not!
It rocked seeing you two, Lily.  Your outfits were both awesome.
I had next week's episode spoiled for me while reading a magazine article about an entirely different show. What the fuck is wrong with people?
So Sesame Street is on again, and Murray (the monster on the street) just said that we're gonna &quot;drop it like it's hot&quot;. Oy
I am ten ninjas. Do me. Please.
I know a million people have done this before, but I'm calling Sachi the FUCK in. 

Last night was one of the hardest nights of my life with my aunt dying so suddenly after everyone telling us she would be okay. I couldn't show how I felt because I have suddenly found myself as the legal guardian of her two young daughters and I needed to be strong for them although I was falling apart inside. I actually broke down and cried in the McDonald's drive thru.


On my way to grieve with my family I get a call from my best friend. She's crying and hysterical and all I can get out of her is &quot;I'm in the hospital, I got into an accident, they had to cut me out of my car.&quot; The line goes dead. I call her back numerous times and nothing. I panic. My aunt is trying to calm me down, but all I could think was that I just lost my favorite aunt and best friend in the same weekend at the same time. At this point, I have a melt down. It's all too much for me to handle and I spend the car ride sobbing and calling everyone I can think to call to call or find her, including her dad and grandma. I post on FB, hoping one of our friends in the ATL area may know more and get a call from Sachi. She talked to me and offered to call all the hospitals in Atlanta until she found her. 

She did. She got me a hospital name and I was able to calm down and call her and know that she's okay. She shouldn't have survived, but she did.


Sachi, you're planning a wedding in TWO WEEKS but you took the time to call me and ask me how I'm feeling after losing someone close to me and being scared to death that I lost another. You are truly truly amazing girl and I know people say it all the time but I mean it so much. I'm tearing up a little just thinking of how relieved I was and I wanted everyone to know how amazing you are. Well. Remind them. Thank you so so so so much Sachi. I know I said it earlier but I couldn't say it enough. I don't know what I would have done if I'd spent the day worrying about her because I was a crying mess. Thank you, and I love you so so so much. &lt;3
I woke up with 15 beers on my desk and a half eaten box of donuts.  I don't remember having a donut.  I don't even like donuts.
Calling out Jennie for being a cunt. Sean's been nothing but apologetic about the situation and he does really care. He wanted to put on a great night at Maestro's and frankly that place is WORTH the reservation change.

I would have done the same for you all, so can it. Saying Sean doesn't care is unfair, and frankly, wrong.
 
  
 Don't follow this advice. I had a friend do this and not only is tap recording yourself NOT allowed there is some law that will get you in more trouble then you intended. My friend actually had to pay a pretty hefty fine because the school rep...

Your friend probably got screwed then, and paid the fine as assessed by the school and not by a court. 


Under the statute, consent is not required for the taping of a non-electronic communication uttered by a person who does not have a reasonable expectation of privacy in that communication. See definition of &#8220;oral communication,&#8221; Va. Code Ann. &#167; 19.2-61; Belmer v. Commonwealth, 553 S.E.2d 123 (Va. App. 2001).
  So she doesn't need consent in Virginia to record, which means the professor would have no grounds to sue her for recording. Even if they claim the work is copyright and protected from commercial distribution, she has a fair use claim that it is non-commercial distribution and she is protected under whistle-blower statues. If the school wants to make a big stink out of her exposing the professor, they will probably be otherwise convinced by their legal department once they discover that she reported inappropriate behavior on the teacher's part, and once made aware of it, they did not take sufficient action to prevent further inappropriate behavior. The school can indemnify themselves from liability by taking appropriate action to resolve the issue, but when they fail to do that it makes the school liable for the conduct of the teacher.  
Rizu, .
  
  
 He's like, 60, Dom. If you were that old and you were having a piece of your tubesteak filleted off, you'd have a fucking heart attack. They probably put him under so he wouldn't code after they took a scalpel to his Johnson.  

Hell I'd want to be under NOW, let alone 60. 

I NEVER post here but after that Canadian invasion I witnessed that streak was broken.
Is this a trick question?
ugghhhh fuck this constantly fluctuating sleep schedule. I haven't gotten more than five hours sleep any night in about three weeks and my right eyelid won't stop twitching :(
Politics just gets me riled up.

I'd be riled up too if I realized I was being fed lies and was too weak-willed and dumb to question them and think for myself. But stupid people are good at throwing out the bluster and misdirection to cover their ineptitude. Maybe it's a phase and you'll grow out of it. Don't give up hope.




there's also the matter of Rory's ID badge which says was issued to him in 1990, even though the first episode suppose to take place 2010.  
Still not sure what to make of that one.  It's been bugging me all season.  Could be a typo, but that would be really weird.  OTOH, it doesn't fit with the technology.  Amy's whole life is very strange.


     and what's up with one of the last scenes in 'the eleventh hour' with young amy sitting outside and...
That one I think is a big clue.  It was pretty obvious it meant something (it wasn't until later I realized some people thought it was supposed to just be a dream).  I will be very surprised if we never re-visit that today.  It was too big.
Any movie where the dog dies.
The cat is a very nice touch, Dana
My week so far: 
  
 Wednesday - Got in a verbal fight with afternoon cook that almost came to blows + knives. 
  
 Thursday - Boss fucking me (again) with my helper cook by rescheduling them and not telling them, thus was I alone during the dinner ...

There's actually a really great optometrist that I went to and got my glasses/exam for really cheap.  I sent you a PM, you should check it out.  Oh yeah, and FYI Clara - don't worry.  If she's not planning on inducing, then you should be okay.

My due date was March 7th.

I was born April 13th.


Yeaaaahh.  
Girl damn Laurette!
I didn't make these, but they were too great to not get a picture.

Tuxedo strawberries.
OK so I got Jesse, Bri, Brue, &amp; Ree staying with me at Brian's house...my house is not happening as my bathroom is in the middle of a makeover and may not be usable during this time.  

We're pretty much at capacity as Dio also lives there and Brian has his friend from out of town also staying - 8 of us in a 3 bedroom is our limit as we want some comfort here for everyone, but atleast takes some load off of Mike.

SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!
SOOOO CUUUUUUUUUTE!
Impatient
I was trying to say that he inst pulling a quick look at me stunt, but rather actually believes the shit he is spouting.
+ Dynamic terrain. A wizard who has fire balls that leave massive craters of rough terrain (and who doesn't want to be a fighter that survives attack and is left standing in the center of the crater when the smoke clears?), a giant ripping up trees to use as weapons and throwing boulders at the party which are left on the map as terrain features, and my favorite: the lair of the gorgon or basilisk that contains the petrified remains of other heroes (depicted by your extra unpainted minis). 

+ Combat where the goal isn't winning the combat. Protect the princess while she escapes or completes the ritual that will close the portal to Scarytown. Spend a standard action once per combat round to ratchet the portcullis open and escape. Wake up the dragon and make your escape so that the invading army will feel his groggy wrath. 


i believe that im new
SLUT OFF!!! Go go go go! ( &gt;_&lt;)/
It turns out they just didn't get enough donations this year and needed to balance the budget somehow.
Seriously, you're being an ass.
So I do something else.  Surely if you can afford a $500 paperweight/space heater, you can afford a cellphone and plan to keep your entertained with the internet and what not
Oh my!
Cheers AV chat!
I got back just a little over $1200 combined this year. This year, I'll be using my refund to catch up on the credit card payments that I'm behind on.
This was a funny story that I found out about yesterday.

At the liquor store I used to work at there was this guy Matt who I was great friends with.  He was always high, smoked weed everyday, knew how to party,  tons of fun, great guy.  I was told that he was recently fired because the boss watched him smoke a blunt to himself in his car in the parking lot and then come into work.  Matt worked there for 2 years so he filed for unemployment.

I ran into my friend Kyle who worked there who was also the cousin of the owner.  He said &quot;I walked by the office when Johnny was on the phone with unemployment and all I heard was &quot;WHAT DO YOU MEAN I DIDN'T EXPLAIN THE MARIJUANA POLICY?  IT'S ILLEGAL!&quot;

So apparently my friend Matt got unemployment because he was never informed of the store's marijuana policy.  What do you think of this, besides of the fact that it's funny.  Should someone get unemployment in this situation because he wasn't informed that doing an illegal thing on business property was wrong?
I hear about this all the time. I think it's a faggot move. Don't apologize for that move. EVER! I usually just laugh maniacally while my dick is in their ass.  Which probably then leads to her laughing maniacally after her elbow hits your face
 Kaliope - if you wont' post his OKC profile (which most of us would probably only look at his pictures), then can you at least view his profile once more and show us a picture?  

I think that might just trigger him try to hit her up again. Sure might be good for a few laughs, but think of the trauma this poor girl has gone through already!
The letter the FDA sent is charming, although General Mills is an upstanding corporation.  I think the FDA made their letter quite amiable, and clear.

When I think of how much shit the pharmacueticals try to push out there, and that sop many other countries don't have a government body to sort through it, and that we are sometimes a country of idiots buying what the tv suggests to us, I can understand that there is a grave use for the FDA.

I am glad the FDA is making a product support its claims.  I agree I think they started with the wrong product.

I think it sucks that so many products are getting sneaky playing with the FDA rules though.  All these margarines that now claim no trans-fats, when what they did is pick a serving amount that put the transfats at a negligible amount so it doesn't have to be listed on the nutrition facts.



 Naruto's seal created by his father was disrupted by Orochimaru and later fixed by Jiraiya.  Seals can be messed with with by the skilled pretty easily it seems.  

if they would stop writing the seals in wax and oil we wouldnt have this problem.
I have no idea who you are but DAAAAAAAAAAAMNNNNNNN!
 BWAHAHAHA BAIT SUCCESSFUL  

right? best ever.
Q: How many dildos did you encounter at BC when you arrived?

A: A large basted turkey and I had nightmares for a week.
All them vidya game thingamajigs all look the same!
ASHLEYMADISON DOT COM
Being in the jury of a civil case does not imply that you need to know what normal people reasonably do. 
  
 Being in the jury of a civil case means that one party must prove, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that they have been the victim of another pa...

Not true at all, actually! The burden of proof in civil cases is more like 51% on the plaintiff instead of 100% on the plaintiff.  To simplify: it's really more of a question of who's /more/ wrong    The standard in tort cases is what a reasonable and prudent man would have done, the details of applying this standard to the facts of the case is decided by the jury, and unknown to the defendant until the end of the trial.    QUADRUPLE POST/TREE  
I am probably going to be awake and present for this!
Why did you bump a 251 day old thread just to say it was funny?
Toriko is fucking amazing and manly as shit in it's own weird ways.


Also REALLY looking forward to Deadman Wonderland along with the Black Lagoon and Highschool of the Dead OVAs coming out.

Hoshi no Ou kodomo's traliers have made the movie look absolutely amazing.
 Way to stick to your guns there Mr. Chamberlain.  


It's not a world-shattering event, dude, but a little thing that I was annoyed at before I went to sleep.



Gonna cry?
It must be a gepographic thing but most compliments from females and gay men towards women within my nyc circle seem to always be very shallow and if you paid a bit more attention meangingless jabber.

So I am not sure why those compliments are being weighed at a higher value than a stranger? 

There are exceptions to every rule but I would rather a stranger tell me I look hot and mean it than a friend who is just trying to be nice.  Btw Scar. Lover is a phenominal term. Love that shit up.  Its like a bad but good 80s porn rock video term  
Okay, yet again, the animosity towards me is the result of an avalanche caused by a misunderstanding on the part of a &quot;Regular&quot; of what was actually going on. Of course, my reaction to the misunderstanding elevated the issue and blew it way out of proportion, causing a chain-reaction of &quot;Fuck You&quot;-sentiments, so for that I apologize.

The truth of the matter is that I was posting impulsively(my bad), and as I pressed the &quot;Submit Reply&quot; button, i knew I should have put some pictures in there, and set about to acquiring those pictures by screencapping the commercial. However, when I returned, Gavin had already deleted my original post. So while, yes, I was irked that Gaviin had deleted my post, even though it contained no YT link, it was in no way intended as a &quot;fight the man&quot; post. I would have posted those images following my original post even if he hadn't deleted it, though without the redux of the narrative.

And really, I try to excel in my posting, I honestly do. I don't try to pick fights, I'm just honest and straightforward about my opinions, and stubborn in defense of them. It's the blind animosity from some &quot;Regulars&quot; based on my past mistakes and their strong disagreement with some of my opinions that creates occasional blow-ups. I'd love to play nice, but it's hard when I'm getting the feedback of &quot;fuck you creep&quot; whenever someone disagrees with me. I don't mind disagreement, it's the valueless &quot;Fuck You&quot; that drives me nuts.

TL;DR: All a big misunderstanding, Sorry for making it worse, I'll try to be better.  Sidenote, It's a pity that my jovial tone doesn't translate well into text, because I'm fairly sure that I would be a bit better recieved if more of you could tell when I was joking.  
I'm more into a person's body. Not just what it looks like naked... but how it's dressed and carried and decorated. You know, what you do with it. A body tells you so much about a person, much more than a face, which you really can't ever change much. I'm also a really tactile when it comes to intimacy, more so than visual or vocal. All those things add up so that the body is generally more attractive and more important to me. 
THIS. 

Except my answer is face.
Can I have both of those designs? 

Please?





PLEASE?
I'm so glad I got out of that fucking state.
 worried.  


This! Guess I'll pick another:

Drained.
TheColonel needs to get his ass in this thread and post the amazing Warhammer 40K groomscake he had for his wedding.
I can't crochet very well circularly, though, so no crocheting hats for me.

Haha, me neither. I managed to make a hat for my dad for Christmas, though, and it turned out okay. It just takes a loooot of practice, and I just needed to stop being ADD about counting rows and stitches :P

And yeah, being able to make your own hat (even if it was easy to make) will make you feel awesome and everyone will be impressed and all that other shit.

Retarded. Hofstra has a decent system where they keep all students' cellphones on record, and can send a mass text message notifying them of alerts for the campus and such.
When I'm feeling particularly metal, I tend to break out the spike braclets, the leather boots, the chainmail choker, and my collection of axes (the heavy, non-musical, metal kind). I'll put on some good thrashing music, like Theatre of Tragedy, or Rammstein. Then I'll sit down in my chair, with a cup of cocoa, and quietly think about the things I would rather be doing than sitting alone in my room, all dressed up and listening to decent music without anyone to discuss it with.
Good to hear you're doing okay now. Reading the first part of this post scared the shit out of me dude.
Dear _______,

Good job getting banned fucking pedophile.  Har Har.

Dear _______, 

No, don't send me any messages about eatting me out.

Dear ________,

DAAAAAAAH, LETS TALK ABOUT STAR WARS.  Try not to be such a friggin prick, I don't care about your &quot;scene&quot; either.



Where all the white women at?!
zdfk,u ghlxdf.oibg nsp;d fggggggg
Barbarella
That windburn I got on my face while on the slopes this weekend is now a disgusting peeling mess. Lovely!
Honestly, I would only do this if there was money or some great goodies involved. I just could not see myself going on TV with a blown up picture of my old fat-arse without some form of compensation. I realise that being an inspiration to other overweight people is a great thing, but as you must've spent a lot of $$ losing the weight via the WW program than surely a bit of cash to be their spokesperson for the day isn't asking too much?
Here is another bad anime that i can say the anime show, Ikki Tousen. I last watched this anime like in 2008 when i was buying mixed anime from best buy before it started dieing down to nothing. It was a tarrible show with the characters and the sto...

Ikki Tousen is so bad that it's amazing, though. especially if you can find it dubbed and uncensored.

and cosplaying Ikki Tousen characters is fucking fantastic because you get to watch the looks on people's faces when they clearly recognize the outfit but don't want to admit it because god forbid any of the other fucking nerds know that they watched a hilariously cheesy softcore hentai.  I'm trying to remember the last anime I watched that wasn't terrible and seriously all I've got is Evangelion I mean jeez why is all my anime awful?

legit worst thing, though: Angel Sanctuary. it was only an OVA but dear god. the original was terrible but the dub was an absolute shitshow.  
Cinemasochist much?
Had an awesome day hanging out at home and by the pool with my boyfriend. We also ate a huge amount of Five Guys, always a good time. And he bought me a Betsey Johnson bikini! It was a successful holiday.
I have about 5 boxes of organic chicken stalk that expire in January.  ALL OF THE SOUP.

Armpit hair?  Really?
f5f5f5f5f5f5

&lt;3
lol                                                                                                      

If I can be gotten out of bed, I would probably be up for this.
Great work on the article guys!
I think I made it through the qualifying round here. Just to make sure, I'll keep at it for a while.
There's still a lot of flooding, especially in North Jersey and South Jersey.   A college friend of mine was advised to leave his home because the Passaic River crested.

Trenton is still under 4 ft of water, hence why there is no Amtrak service from Philadelphia to NYC

Other towns like Fairfield have been evacuated because the entire town is up to 4-5 ft of water.  


 brin... :D your my favorite.  

You're*

I'm hleping alraedy!

also, friended.
I completely appreciate Sleep is Death.  Especially with a 5 year old kid.
Roasted sweet potatoes with carrots and turkey bawwlllzzz
Congratulations! Babies are totally awesome, and you have an eye meltingly cute baby.
Go figure I find out almost 12 years later you'd have gone out with me, if I wasn't flirting with your cousin??  What?

Good to know everyone else thought I was a playboy in high school, when I was anything but.
The Groupon Groupie
I wish I could see you!

Also:

My *wife* and I are in town

Still too cool!
I have it, it is good!  Ok, to continue. Dragonborn is hard as shit. I am starting a character at level 24. I am working around some of the side quests, and the main quest. It is challenging, but well worth it.  
And it's to scale!

I haven't seen the mini series, I'd heard from quite a few people that it sucks so I just haven't bothered, but after this thread I think I might just give it a shot.

Also, I LOVE Lynch's version tons!  He gave the movie this very strange sort of feel which I felt worked well with the feel of the books.  

He didn't do Jessica justice though, and that makes me sad.
 Has anyone see the second part of the Silurian yet? 
     I thought it was a solid episode and I'm sure the incident at the end will probably be reset in the finale, but if not its good to see a show mess with status quo a bit. 
   


I have a terrible feeling that the ending is going to get undone somehow, which disappoints me.  As bad as the timing was within the context of the season thus far, the whole ordeal was pretty well done and changing it after the fact is just going to cheapen it.

Here's hoping she speaks Klingon in bed
??????
 damn it thats really dark. I try again. Image: 320x240 JPG, 15KB.  Click to view. You owe me a new jaw, woman. Old one just shattered on the floor.

SWEET FUCKING CHRIST.
Nope. Points scored per goal is based on their Attack and Special Attack EV.  Can I just mention, using the Horde Method I've fully EV trained three Pokemon in the span of an hour? Not an hour each, but an hour /total./  
Looks like we really haven't seen the last of Jobs.  Fingers crossed.
&quot;This is a man whose impact is equal to any global leader,&quot;  said. &quot;He very much wanted to live and have a third act&quot; beyond Apple&#8217;s founding and its revival.

As for whether that impact may grow through the wealth he leaves behind, Mr. Schmidt said, &quot;it is not for me to characterize&quot; what will happen with Mr. Jobs&#8217;s fortune. 
&quot;All of that will unfold,&quot; he added. &quot;I will say that he was a very thoughtful person, and he cared a lot about the world.&quot;
hey duck
that would be me in an excited state
Dear John,

You're the greatest booty ever XD
Whoa! Eric! Holy Shit!

How you been man?
Finally:
I pooped in Delaware once.
Thanks, guys! It was seriously upsetting me that this thread was less active than the Terra Nova thread.

Gus Fring was such a freaking good character. And that last shot of Walt's backyard? I was like, oh shit!
twikines are pretty gross. how about some zingers! /roflcopter done.
Yes. I'll bring the hookers, you bring the cards. We can play strip poker.
do they involve firearms? i would like that.
Most dudes who have this problem are probably already aware of it and worry about it - and directly mentioning it would probably make them unbearably neurotic - but may not have actually tried anything to try and fix it. The good news is that suggesting that stuff can be a much easier sell - dudes tend to last a good bit longer if it's not the first time they've came that day, for example, or you can try telling them (during the deed) to just slow the fuck down or go more gently or whatever periodically. Some dudes just have a boner attack and go all stupid sometimes so just keep them focused; if it's a matter of being a selfish lover it'll probably just take time and practice (caveat: may not be worth it.)

Of course in some cases there can be physical or psychological causes for these issues so if it's really bad and doesn't improve, or the guy isn't willing to pick up on the above implicit stuff, it may be worth sering a doctor. There's not really an easy way to broach that, but it should go down better if you frame it as concern for his health rather than &quot;Hey you need to go get checked for Crappy Penis Disease&quot;  Haha chaosmonkey posted that same advice wayyy faster than I did!

Nah, it's this dang phone.    Just so we're clear, the reason I'm saying you shouldn't say it directly if you can avoid it isn't because every man deserves to feel like he's awesome at sex, but to spare you from having to hear some guy constantly apologizing for his dick  
Fuck people who don't tip.
White Russians, dude.

Calmer than you are, dude.
I wish I had more sick/vacation days.  I would so use them up to play more of this game.

I'm loving it all so far.  Although it's getting easy to max out to lvl 50.  My guildmates are almost there at 40-43.  I'm taking my time exploring everything, finding codexes and datacrons, and only at lvl 18
Right around the corner at an industrial club. Was so risky that we did get caught. Oh shi
OH god yes!
Thank God. I always feel like I'm putting my life on the line when I drive I-95.
Well the results are in and the 2-month subscriptions go to :

-(Out Of Tune) : Well if I ever need a hole you'll be the first person I'll call. But yea, I'm afraid I'll end up in a hole that I'm going to dig myself into. For your hard work Otaku's soldier of fortune, I salute you.

~Stamp of Approval~

- (Lorenzosama) : Breakdancing and double post .... those are rare qualities indeed my friend. As per your advice... I'll pretend I saw the most awesomest breakdancing this side of OB. Hey this pretending stuff isin't bad, plenty of alcohol helps too!

~Stamp of Approval~

-(NomiJade) : Well I can honestly say I had no idea and Liscum had such a history between the two of you. I'll give you 60 days to argue your case and if you need a judge I'm here.

~Stamp of Approval~


the 4-month subscriptions go to

-(Russi) : Having kids is a tough job and someone has to do it. It's something you probabally do very well. For that I salute you. Enjoy 120 days on me. (hmmm... that can actually work in more than one way, j/k.  that one was too easy I had too.)

~Stamp of Approval~

-(Des-Law) : I envy people who have lifetime passes too. But if you look at it carefully charity does pay off. I mean look at me I damn near have a lifetime membership on OB, I'm so nice to people. Now drop the domo-kun and step away from the post and no one gets hurt. Your demands can't entirely be met... however 120 days should keep you out of rehab long enough.

~Stamp of Approval~

Finally the 1-year subscription goes to 
-(Cancer is Magical) : I got a cat too... I can't help but feel for you. Especially when you shelled out your own money to take care of it.  Also I could imagine that the local college you work at is probabally a CUNY (maybe I'm wrong) but yea those people are jerks, especially if they're from Bay Ridge/ Bensonhurst/ or Staten Island (well not all of them are, but still). Dealing with snotty kids is tough, I go through that all the time at the magazine I work at in CSI(not to be confused with the tv show, it's a college.) and a number people that are in an Anime Club that I work for. So your hard work will not go unnoticed. Here's your reward, Enjoy 365 days on me (let me end it on that note.) 

~Stamp of Approval~

Everyone should recieve their memberships in the next 12-24 hours. Thanks for playing.
For what it's worth, he becomes more likable as the books go on and he gets his shit together.
I think we need to get Booty's vibrating pikachu back and one of these TMX dolls' vibrating innards inserted into it.  Where is Decoy at?















On second thought... i think it's alot more sanitary to make a new one.
Lego forever!

screw mega blocks! Mega blocks should be melted down and remade as legos.
They're chocolate &amp; salty, so put 'em in your mouth &amp; suck 'em!
 Why are we even discussing her, if you have a problem with her, just out it instead of cowering behind her back in the clit. Do you people need approval by the cool kids to say whats on your mind?  

HA WHAT! What about the name of this thread?

ANYWAYS, my whole point was to get some actual feedback on this girl, from mods. I was asking people to tell me good things about her so I could try and not be a judgmental prick.

Prick.
Yes it can work.  Have you not watched HIMYM
 My favorite right now, which I've been meaning to tell you, is her cover of Sweet Disposition. www.youtube.com/watch?v=IplEnGzNaKw 
  
 ...ITT: Scar and Kasey fangirl over Ellie Goulding.  

Yes, that's a good one! I have a difficult time deciding on a favorite. I really like I'll Hold My Breath, though.


Cowy o_O!?!?!?? 

She appears to have inflated some sort of flotation device. Seriously though, there's not much else I love more than sum epic cleavage.

Oh and I think Meowmix happens to be the perfect name since you really do deliver.
 Yeah, it definitely reads better, I guess it was just her horrible coffee shop open mic delivery that made it seem so bad.  

Her delivery really ruined it. But having read it myself, I really enjoy this poem. It's fitting for times and really, it fits the way America is now.
Why haven't you people sent me my paycheck, yet?  I have precisely $0 to my name right now and I'd really like to get paid for the work I've done so I can pay rent and buy some food and other trivial sundries.
So hot, Sam. You make me want to throw on my suit just to take pictures. You look great! How was the ball?
 @TheInsomniac: What a load of garbage. Consider the sources of this entirely unfounded speculation.  

I'm dubious about it myself, but I wouldn't call it garbage, and it was apparently thought well written enough by the editor's of Slate, a publication of some renown. I myself simply thought it was an interesting perspective. After all, haven't charges of &quot;blasphemy&quot; been used as a tool of oppression for much of human history (not just in the Islamic world, of course)? 

The overt reason given by the authorities for the teacher's arrest may be blasphemy, but isn't the effect the suppression of unpopular ideas, ones supposedly dangerous to the status quo?
That was totally awesome.
Watch Doom (the movie) and play Doom on my iPhone. One of these is terrible, but both manage to be amazing.
  
  
 Hard to believe, I know. This is Anne Rice for teens and the writing is worse. PS:  With just as much trashy erotica in it. Like, the shit is worse than George R.R. Martin's attempts at erotic writing, okay?     

Pssh, don't talk about shit you don't know. There is NO EROTICA in any of these damn books because the author is a Mormon. There's a lot of cockblocking, but they're infuriatingly chaste, until you get to all the werewolf-pedophilia.
OMFG I JUST GOT ASKED OUT.
Which sakura diaries was it?  The new release from adv with the large heart lock on the front? Or the old release, which has 3 eppys per disc on it?

The only reason I ask is because one is the TV version and the other is the laserdisc version with even more gratuitous content.

I thoroughly enjoyed it when I saw it (the laserdisc version), though I did find the kissing cousins thing just plain creepy.  Then again I'm a sucker for that sort of unrequited love story.  But the show is definately geared towards a male audience, with one of the most painfully subservient females in anime history.

And if you want actual true shit anime, try betterman.  That is nigh unwatchable.
 www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwnefUaKCbc 
 She's even better in motion!  

I think I've watched that video about 20 times, I love her so much.
Yeah, Bush and Rove never really fought fair.  Some of the dirtiest politics we've ever had in my political lifetime is because of those two, and it lingers throughout the GOP, as we saw all week.  From the speeches I watched, Huckabee was probably the only one other than McCain that was more tame in their speeches.  Everyone else just felt so full of hate, attacking the Dems, liberals, elite media, etc..

At least with the conventions out of the way, the less-controllable, less scripted stuff can begin.  That's where the fun is at.
Even though the gameplay increasingly looks like Bioshock in the Sky, I'm pretty exited.I fail to see the problem with this.

Also: FireFall. I got to try this game this past weekend and it was pretty slick. Maybe not the best game I've ever played, but with a base model of Free to Play (and done right, I'll add!), it'll definitely get my time, and possibly my money!
I WANNA TAKE YA TO A GAY BAR
I say the blue.  You already have a pink/black combo.  *cough* I don't keep a folder with pictures of all your shoes. Listed by color and style.

Nope, I sure don't.    Also, I'm sorta thinking I could pull off those pink sparkly Tom's... I'll have to find a pair to investigate.  
Awwww. Poor Cindy.
jumpjump is sexah
Liz, I want to wear your clothes again. I wish I had your style.
Doh... Alright, close it down!
Never expected that guy to be the killer.

Also the &quot;she is really annoying&quot; part is hilarious.
Damn, right after I posted that, look who glowered at me from the sidebar.  Ali's wrath: /inescapable./
Yeah Yeah Yeahs - Tick

I just... she sounds so damn sexy!
Waters of Mars this Sunday!
I really don't like Van Gogh's paintings.  I think they're horrid.
	                   Great post. 
I'll share my sandwich with you cuore, if you know what I mean. And I think you do.

huhu is a website where you can get professional-grade sex for free (with two modest commercial breaks)
I love how my period was on for 3 and a half weeks, left for a day and came back with a vengeance today unannounced and unwelcome. FUCK.
When I come visit for the DB movie I am going to take the dirtiest dump in that bathroom Jesse XD
Requesting this thread to stop making me lol &gt;:(
in a heartbeat
What a whiny McFatty.


I remember seeing something about a pack of animals attacking, but isn't that usually the case when they are threatened? 

This is more carrion swooping down to a corpse.

- Kashi GoLean, out of a racecar!
Aaaaand now you've all seen me naked.
Fall break began for me at 2:30 PM today! No classes until Wednesday!
I can't deny it.
  
  
 Cottage cheese terrifies me such as few foods can induce.  

What about ricotta or paneer?
This one too.
Ra Ra Riot - Dying Is Fine
It's cool Noi.  I hear the chick who stole your name is some kind of computer nerd.
Little of Column A, little of Column B.

But yeah, it's mostly money. Again. And all the excessive amount of time off I take from work, at /some point/ they're going to cut me off, and I needs that time off for cons and family weddings/vacations and so on.

And paying off debt and and and and and...

As much as I'd love to see you guys, there's a lot of reasons why it would be smarter for me not to go. Not better, but... better /for/ me.
AWAKE.
I'm a bit tipsy, and miss these threads in the wake of the &quot;LET'S TRY TO IMPOSE RULES ON DICKOTRY&quot; threadfest. As much as I did parody it.

Dear Phillies, please learn how to finish a game in regulation time. Against the Mets, no less. Seriously.
	                   :)
 I think the internet's obsession with narwhals is really fucking stupid. The sheer amount of narwhal crap on Shana Logic and Etsy is sickening.  

narwhals are the new owls.
EnFOPped.
SIGH, my phone is so old. We might finally, for real, actually stop by a Verizon or something today though. Verizon doesn't carry the BB 8900, so I think I'll wind up buying the 8330. :| And then spend hundreds on selling/the upgrade later. Bleah!  well i'll prob check out the Tour on the 9th :O

lol 1st world probs  
Hey everyone, it's that time of year when Improv Everywhere decides that everyone, everywhere should beat the hell out of each other with pillows. So here's the details for DC-area OBers: 

Time: April 2nd, 14:00 - 17:00 
Place: The National Mall (along 3rd street, by the Capitol Building)

Event details here:

So, who's planning on going?
If I changed my name, it'd have to end up being Kill(SomeoneOtherThanIan)




I don't wanna die.
Dishonored
LoL
A smattering of SC II multiplayer
About to replay inFamous so I can finally play inFamous2

Then I'm going to replay Batman: Arkham Asylum and Arkham City because I got the GotY edition of City and now have access to all of the DLC I care about.
 Eating leftovers from Sabrina's Cafe uuuuuuuuuunf.  

Leftovers? From Sabrina's? How is that possible?!
HE HAS HIS INTERNET HANDLE ON HIS JACKET.

I'm dyin' over here.
oh come on, think about it, he has a wife so clearly he has a penis, right? but think about it, chewbacca isnt part dog, he;s a wookie.  THerefore i vote that it probably looks like a regular penis.... cept hidden in all that fur
I was on the roof until 7am and then got up at 11 to check out of the suite. I'm still here for another day though and currently in Glow being bored. Anyone else awake and not at Disney?
 
  
 Says the 80's and ska. 
  
 I was there for the 80's, catchy stuff for drunk cougars who constantly try to out-do their slutty 17 y.o. daughters. Not to mention 80's music and mentality spawned the nearly all of the destroyers of...

Dude, say all you want about Dwarf's taste in dubstep or disagree with Neko, but don't create a dubstep thread and then try to hate on 80's music.

that's beyond on losing battle.
It's been the same room for like 3 days lolol. 


Now, I don&#8217;t know much about shooting a gun, but I&#8217;ve learned the general gist that when you shoot you have to be totally relaxed, very stable, and you can&#8217;t breathe or you&#8217;ll ruin your shot. One of the other snipers commented that they can shoot from as far as two or more miles away..

Shooting at anything outside of a hundred yards at small, stationary targets can be a challenge for most. I've gone as far as 200 hundred without magnification, and it wasn't a dead-on shot. 

Basically, he's right. The less that's going on when you shoot, the better. Even your trigger pull motion can throw your shot off to the left or right, and you'd think &quot;oh, it's just a fraction of an inch&quot;, but that little error gets bigger the further away the round travels from the end of the muzzle. Sure, it's 1/32 of an inch at the end of the muzzle, but a few hundred yards away, that's a couple of feet. At a mile, just don't bother. 

For these guys, they're shooting from a moving platform at a moving target, in the dark, and probably with wind to adjust for. I'd bet they had to eyeball their shots because you can't get an exact solution when you AND your target are always moving. 

Funny enough: Discovery Military Channel is running their Top Sniper 2 show Thursday night. Should give you an idea of how good snipers of these guy's class are.
Fuck yes!
 
  
 aaaaand Kyle loses with the insult-the-looks-of-a-lady-who's-clearly-BANGIN. 
  
  
 Satisfied. And very punny.  Thank you, Kyle. :D PS:  now that I think about it though - having the ability to make people vomit just by looking at me i...

Dunno, gimme yer FOP's and I'll give you some pointers.
Maybe I'll finally get a chance to see what I missed...

There are hundreds of videos that use this song... but, this is the best usage I've seen yet.
I was listening to Holy Diver on the way home tonight.  

Dio.
Been on three different computers in two different locations but is anyone else not seeing your fellow members silently judging you from the side of the screen?
Dude, Wi-Five
YES!!!!!!
When I saw the &quot;Rat Tail&quot; in the subject line about a hairstyle... I wasn't expecting to be quite pleased with what I found.

Ignore the haters, milady, you look hawt.
I had to add a new one to show everyone how big she's getting!

here's Bella at 2 1/2

Pretty creepy. Looks super heavy.
I'd like to see more uses for solar energy that don't involve photovoltaic cells.  Like you said, they use a lot of resources to produce and silicon is a finite resource.

Ever used a camping shower?  They work really well - basically just a black vinyl bag you fill with water and hang from a tree to let it warm up in the sun.

There's no reason houses couldn't be partially heated this way in the winter, or you couldn't heat (or partially heat) hot water this way year-round.

It's not the total answer, but it's low-tech and basically free.  If you can reduce the amount of heating energy used by a house during its lifespan by even 10%, that's really big.
leg is all fucked up so it's painful to stand, but I have a cute little furball to keep me company


 How can any fortune be better than &quot;Duck&quot;?

Becaus I think I got someone elses. I looked like a compleet ass diving for cover at china star. I can just imagin someome out there reading one that said &quot;you will find success in all things.&quot; than geting beaned in the head with something heavy.


There are still 294 days remaining on my subscription :(.

Work has scaled up quite a bit, and I have a lot less free time... and that comment was frustrating. 

I freak out and quit about once a year around the time I find out I will have to work a few months of overtime and my life turns to shit.
 
  
 oh, i totally comprehend the fact that autism comes in many forms. I have no idea what kind this kid has because his mom is a looney bin who is in serious denial about his problem. She finally took him in today to have him assessed which I hop...

Oh God, this this THIS.  I feel like such a terrible person, but holy hell.  I just can't.

It's one of my biggest fears in life to ever have an autistic child (or any child with a mental disability of that extent).  I just don't have the patience.

I think it's because in the high school I graduated from, it was a smaller atmosphered school for kids with high IQs but who needed the extra focus/attention (I'm ADHD, other kids ranged from bipolar, etc.)  There was one special section of the school that was specifically for kids who had more serious disorders such as extreme autism, tourettes (sp?), etc.  The kids who were really autistic bugged the ever living fuck out of me and to this day if I saw one or two of them in particular I would punch them in the face.  
One of them was smart enough to know what he was doing wrong (high IQs, remember?) but would hide behind his disorder as if he didn't know what he was doing was wrong - such as sexually harass girls that were very skinny/petite and couldn't push him off, then play dumb and get angry and punch a wall (I almost knocked him out for it then - it was usually just creepy stalking and inappropriate comments but the one time he actually tried touching a girl).  Yet he knew when to corner them where there weren't any cameras or really any people around.  Another one constantly followed me around trying to tell me what the weather was outside, the other one would harass me and tell me that I shouldn't wear DBZ shirts because I'm a girl.

Fuck.  That.  Noise.
Hey Hey hey, lets not throw around the thing word. Im the only thing we have here!
We should take people to the tram, Gavin! Its a drive but it can be an event! Best chili in LA!
Hahaha! Awesome link, Marina.
Those guns aren't just for fighting!
It was reported in USA Today. Here's a pic of the sheep:

It seems I never put the baseball field!
That said a buddy of mine is cowriter on the script, and if he writes movies as creepily as he GMs it'll probably be pretty creepy.
I'm going with the seasonal theme unless anyone has any objections by the end of today.
Dibs on the First Age Lunar owl woman with a hate-on for the reincarnation of her dickward mate.   
An Exalted LARP with a sufficiently extravagant budget could be a beautiful thing. 


But how would you handle the stunting?!  
Ok, if you are on my LJ you may have seen that someone stole a little over 200 dollars that I had in my purse.  I really hate asking people for help with any money type situations, but I since I am leaving soon for Japan land I am trying to get rid of a bunch of my DVDs and manga.  This is basically pasted from my journal:

All the DVDs have either been watched once or have just been sitting on my shelf and gone unloved.  I searched DVD price search to see what the cheapest price for the item new was and went with pretty much half of that.  I also have manga for sale and its all in pretty good condition, I think the only exception is one or two of the Wild Act volumes that have some wear in the corners.

It would really help me out and it could be a nice cheap gift maybe to some other nerd! Just comment if youre interested in something and I will give you more info and shipping info and whatever.  Shipping is like 2 bucks to send media mail and then more if its a large quantity.  We'll figure it out!

DVDs
Saint Tail volume 1 - $10
Saint Tail volume 2 - $10
Ultra Maniac volume 3 NEW - $10
Utena - Finale - $10
Bottle Fairy volume 1 - $10
Cosplay complex - $10
Cutey Honey 2 disc set - $5
Zenki box set #2 - $15
Pretear Collectors box 4 DVD set FULL SERIES (not the cheaper complete collection, but the original DVD release) - $25
Blue seed Perfect Collection - $20

MANGA
Nana Vol 1 - $4
nana vol 2 - $4
Bleach vol 1 - $4
D Grey Man - $4
Beck vol - $5
Beck vol 2 - $5
Beck vol 3 - $5
Sugar Sugar Rune vol 1 - $5
Hellsing vol 1 - $5
Princess Ai vol 1 - $5
Over the Rainbow - $5
Boys Over Flowers (Hana Yori Dango) vol 1 - $5
Boys Over Flowers (Hana Yori Dango) vol 2 - $5
Boys Over Flowers (Hana Yori Dango) vol 3 - $5
Wild Act vol 1 - 8 - $4 each or $25 for all
Ah! My goddess vol 4 (Japanese language) - $2

So anyway, send me a PM if you're interested in anything and we can figure out the paypal thing. And thanks in advance for even just reading the damn thread!
Overwhelmed!
Wow, this thread is reading 9.9 on the Vetenspiel Bitchiness Scale! And over food! I have to get to the Institute and report my findings- they'll never believe it!
I liked the explanation of Clara, but other than that, I was disappointed in the finale. 

Great, let's revisit the worst episode of this season...

Fucking snowmen.
&lt;&lt; So, on some level, this new &quot;lifetime imprisonment without a trial&quot; thing makes a lot of sense.
if you're fucking Hitler&gt;&gt;

lets take a step further and just build some ovens to toss them in...
Mary jane is still not legal. Sorry guys.
Damn you Amanda :P
Extra-extreme transparent version.
After three hours in this city I've decided something.

I'm too high fashion for Philadelphia.

 I'll be most likely driving through as well! Set something up!  

Sorry to butt in as I won't be in the area but I need to know what the above quote means.

You know, in case you're heading far enough south that I have to set up road traps.
::The sexy man takes off his pants, revealing several penises.::
I like 4th a lot, personally, but I totally see why people don't like it. It's just focused much more narrowly now. If you like the focus on game balance and tactical combat, you've gained a lot. If those things aren't important to you, you've gained nothing, but lost tons in the way of flexibility.  Maybe &quot;flexibility&quot; isn't the right term. If you don't care about detailed combat rules, you've gained nothing but a lot of baggage from the detailed combat rules.  
Bring it.
i'm the drunk 83er... GAWD!
who here has read at least the first 20 pages of Haunted by Chuck Palahniuk?
How about someone pops Aizen with some soul candy
Well, AngelMeatPie, Its  been a hard time with my people (Nordic, Asatru). Hitler stole the Swastika from our religous path, cause we are a german stock religion, something to give the german people to have pride in and know that it comes from there great past. Now I could go on the spill about what it represents and all that, but thats for educated people to known, and try to seperate it from the evil that it was turned into. To me the Cross is a symbol of hate and death, Many Norseman were killed because they were not willing to give up there pride and traditions to become Kristjian. Many where crusified when the Teutonic's would not bow down to the whimes of the Roman Empire. To my people its a symbol of hate and death. But do we condem and strike out in anger to the Kristjian? Or do we know that the Kristjians of today are different and don't have such extreme mesures. Its all a matter of Education. One can live with hate and just say &quot;That is a symbol of Evil and should forget about its orgin's&quot; or can you be openminded enough to relize that most uses of the image today is a reminded of an evil act did by one group. But there are still some that use it for it original purpose. It just gets me emotionally charged that I can't do religious Blots, because I have to worry about people thinking I am a man of hate.

Well, i said, my emotional spill, Crusify me if my words are mispoken, But still hear my words.
In the words of my soul sister, Ange, &quot;Man, fuck money!&quot;
Yup, ASHA lost my paperwork. I get to start all over, including trying to meet up with my old boss a THIRD time to do his part again. It'll be another 4 to 6 weeks after ASHA *receives* this paperwork before I'll be certified. That's probably two full months from now. Meaning two more months before I can get any other job. Until then, my only choices are &quot;job from hell&quot; or &quot;no job.&quot; 

All this when I was supposed to be certified A MONTH AGO. 

Guys, if I'm blackout drunk during the entirety of BC, this is why.


On the way we passed his birthplace; an old and lovely church his parents had owned as an art studio, where he was birthed at home. We walked along it, and he became a little weepy and nostalgic. Then we peed on the front archway. 


I snorted.  Ahahahahaha.
  You should start a blog, Hil.  I bet you'd get a lot of hits/followers.  Probably some that you might not like, but... eh.  Your writing style is awesome.  
welcome back, you magnificent queer.
OMG these are AWSOME!   Keep them comming!  
I haven't laughed this hard in ages!
Don't get me wrong, we totally do

But we do it a little less often when we know we look damn good in the monkey suit.
i use some japanese words sometimes but only becuase japan is one of the places i plan to visit and im trying to learn the language.
Self-love is the greatest love of all!


Annnnnnd sure, why not.
Recipe(s) sent.
Im gonna work out my trapezius maximus tonight baby!
In my mouth.
This morning I took a shower with Hero.  We just finished having sex, so it wasn't anything sexual - it was just killing two birds with one stone, enjoying the company, and having a back scrubber.  As he's washing my back, he got a little low, and I started liking it a little too much.  Before I got too into it, though, he says:

&quot;Hun, I've already wrecked you this morning AND last night.  Really?&quot;

Me: D=

The End.
I know, I went and wiki'd that after I posted. But seriously! Bespin is fucked up.

Lobot gets arrested for stealing food so he doesn't starve to death and they make him into a cyborg slave for over a decade? But it's cool because after his indentured servitude is up he chooses to stay? What else is he gonna do.

Maybe he does still have a brain even if he can't talk much anymore. But you can't deny that's a fucked up origin tale from what used to be my favorite city in the SW universe.

alas poor lobot
Humorous postin' here, with a bit of truthful curiosity.

What's to be said about little babies with bibs/shirts that say, &quot;I suck tits all fuckin' DAY.&quot;

And what's to be said about me wearing the same shirt?
Holy shit Bri is gonna splode.
Welcome back!
DONBUURRRRIIIIII
This should be awesome.  Real Hulk action.
	                               Yeah, dude.
Belle would get my vote as well and not just because she's my favorite Disney princess. Jasmine would make another good leader due to her fiery nature, but I think she'd be accused of favoritism or of being too bitchy when things didn't go her way. Belle strikes me as being far more fair about differences.
Genmaicha is my FAVORITE tea! It is sooooo relaxing, toasted and all-around wonderful.

I have been told that the way I drink tea is awful BUT I also grew up European. Lots of milk and sugar. I like loose leaf black, english breakfast and Earl greay for my morning teas. For the afternoon is is always Genmaicha!
HAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHHHAAAAAA
Darth Gnosis
~American Gods by Neil Gaiman
~Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson

both amazing books
Vulvolabial Fricative.
Black Queen
If she lets me lick her face
Great post, Lindze.
There are points where the scrotum is optimal for ball-sucking and times where it's not. It's disappointing as... well, balls, when it's too cold in the room and your funbag shrinks down to an unmanipulatable armored shell. Othertimes it's warm so they can hang low, to and fro. 

It's best to follow this mnemonic:

If they shrink and constrict, just focus on the dick.

If they're loose and floppy it's time to get sloppy.
 I need stronger sunscreen. That white line is where my bra strap was. Image: 240x320 JPG, 4KB.  Click to view. 

That is pic way dark and I can't tell exactly what I'm looking at.
Don't: be sober ever.
Played through Mega Man X4 with no tanks as Zero.  Sigma is a chump.
You are a great guy. Well, pretty good at least. You treat me like a princess. My car broke down yesterday, while you were already at work, but you still went out and bought me lunch before I got there so I wouldn't have to stress over it. You offered to stay late and give me a ride home, before i'd even thought about asking. You recorded the nhl allstars game for me, and brought it to me. You brought me to work today, even though you got off at 11 and I didn't go in until 2. You brought me a dr. Pepper when you picked me up, just in case I wanted/needed it. You're giving me a ride home tonight, even though I get off at like 9:30, and you have to be back at four am. 

I really don't know what to do with all this. I feel terrible, and kind of awkward, because I know that you're in love with me, and I might even give you a chance, but you haven't asked me out, and you reject my offers to cook you dinner as thanks for all the rides and stuff. 

Also, you're a virgin who's never been on a date, and while the fact that I'm strting a sex-sabbatical (no sex) makes /that/ less of an issue, the &quot;never been on a date at all&quot; thing is kind of weird.  And apparently you told morgan it's because &quot;everyone has diseases&quot;? 

I don't even know, dude. But as appreciative as I am, I do not deserve how nice you're being to me.
I was looking at those. I will test drive the 135i and 128i for sure. Those audis look nice too.

I will also talk to some rich Arabs I know who deal luxury cars, im sure I can get a titty discount on something awesome.
What the helll?  This Thunder Dome thread does not deliver.

Cowy~chan is freaking weird, and smelly, and is a doo-doo head, and is cute and cuddly and will be missed at Bootycon.

Damnit, I got nothing.
I will do anyone who uses bold to write &quot;I'm not macho&quot;.
I had five martinis tonight.
Really?




/REALLY?/
Pain is strength.
Being able to regrow parts like Wolverine is cool &amp; all, but this REALLY puts a damper on those cybernetic limbs that I wanted.
Guys it's been what like argh four years since I've been to Dragon*Con? Five? Jesus Christ I /miss it so much/
CNN had these three opinion articles, which are interesting reads on this debate.  One is from Richard Dawkins (staunch atheist), another from Michael Shermer (religious, but believes in the theory of evolution), and a third from Stephen Meyer (who supports Intelligent Design):

ERVeryONe!
AIM: Jetwinslett

Normally, I'm always on, so throw me an IM if you're bored.

Peabody pretty much doesn't know what he's talking about here and doesn't have much ground to stand on for his &quot;argument.&quot;
 I'm still on vacation and will definitely have something to add tomorrow or Monday, but until then please please please don't post anything in any of the other tabs.  

yesyesyes of course. Will not do or talk about anything without a very overt stamp of approval from you, Jake, or John.
 You fucking rock dude.  You deserve an H-job!!  

Personally I feel as though I deserve several.
Hate to dredge up a dying thead, but I saw it and it sucked. I mean, it was alright. But this is Watchmen we're talking about and if &quot;meh&quot; is the best they can do then they might as well not make a movie.
Yes, Hideki, that's the one. It started out okay, but got worse as it went on. Thank goodness Macross II got relegated as an alternate timeline from all the other Macross series!
There are actually two things making noise, the power supply can be stashed and put behind something to help as long as it still has air flow.  The xbox itself however needs constant air so you can try building a compartment of air behind it using b...
Yeah!  This is super true.  I have the PSU stashed under the cabinet (there's still airflow and it's a hardwood floor, not plush carpet) and the 360 is in behind a set of thin closed cabinet doors.

But the sound reflects out of the back of the cabinet, which I left completely open for airflow purposes.

I suppose I could put something sound-dampening inside the cabinet.  But I don't know too much about that.  I know there's that Dynamat stuff for car audio but it's like twelve million dollars a square foot.  Is it the actual fan itself that is making all the noise? Or is it the vibrations that the fan causes upon whatever the Xbox is sitting on? My 360 makes a lot of noise as well on my big metal 1950s era bomb-shelter desk, so I just placed a folded-up...
It's almost entirely the fan itself, not vibrations from the cheap particleboard cabinet.  

It's basically that high-pitched &quot;whine&quot; that cheap computer fans make.  I'm pretty familiar with it from years of PC hardware.

The 360 is designed so fucking retardedly.  Instead of one nice big quiet fan on the side, it's two 70mm fans.  Smaller fans always make more annoying, high-pitched noise.  I found out it does use a standard 3-pin PC fan power connector, but there aren't a lot of DUAL 70MM FANS out thurrrrr so unless you do some serious case modding you can't use a standard PC fan.

  
Sounds like fun
I'm glad they kept the server minigame in L4D2. I'm sure it will provide countless hours of hopping back into the lobby to try another server that isn't horrifyingly laggy.
congrats! you're both adorable!
ffffffffuuuuuuuu how the hell did all the fabric softener end up on the floor???!!!
Maury
Hoarders
Teen Mom
Intervention
Parking Wars
Storage Wars
Deadliest Warrior
RuPaul's Drag Race
Say Yes to the Dress



Apparently 15 years is good enough for his crimes according to Austrian law.

It seems my theory on the wife is probably likely.  And that was that he was very controlling.  She probably had suspicions and repressed them.

&quot;Josef Fritzl, who police described as an authoritarian figure, forbade anyone in the family from entering the cellar.&quot;
Yo!

*Stamped and Double Stamped*
I got dat tv missile for the helicopter, beeotch.


Dibs on the nurse costume!

Well, if Valheru and SweetGeek are our guests of honor, shouldn't they get first dibs on everything? 

Hahahahahahahahaha
I am breathing fire right now.
- When the guy slaps the girl on the face or tongue with his dick.  What purpose does that serve?

- When the guy/girl spits on his/her partner's vag/dick.  That's gross.
Point of Fashion: quitting my job
Current Obsession: moving
Hel-LO, Viv!
Kinda overslept on my afternoon nap, I'll be out there soon after a quick shower.

 Only in my state.  Only.  

I'MA CUT OFF YO DICK

Yeah, christ.  What kind of cancer is so intense that you can't wait a couple more hours for homeboy to wake up? PS:  Did they save the amputated cock?  Like, is there any proof that there was cancer?  I wonder if the doctor seriously fucked ...

The sad thing is he joined OB like a week before the surgery and I hear he's really pissed at you for waiting so long to employ the &quot;I'LL SUCK YOUR DICK&quot; membership strategy.
This was crap compared to the original.

What the hell is it with making everything dark and gloomy. The original was a fun space opera that had it all. It wasn't PERFECT but it was original and innovative for the time. 

I read this shit and every pilot dies, luke commits suicide basically and fucking Obi Wan is this old mess of a man.

Man, people, what ever happened to FUN?  is it reasonable to think that any imperial that made it to the death star post already has their DNA in a database, thereby revealing that luke was related to vader?.

Not to mention the reason WHY Obi Wan was on Tatooine was to watch over Luke! You think he'd bump in to hi at the train station on his way to the fucking Academy and be like, &quot;oh hai, you dont know me but, you dont want to join the Empire... TRUST ME.&quot;  
That was a smelly fart.
That wasn't a walk of shame so much as a marathon of victory.
Sometimes the water I drink doesn't taste all that good. But it's the same water I poop in. And the water cuts on and off automatically and it bores me. Then I remember that millions don't have clean water ... ever ...
Therefore this thread is for MEEEE
 BOOTYCON 2010 IN MY PANTS  

Where can I sign up??
For those of us less adept at cosplay costume creation or frugality on the brain, I was trying to think of a cheap/fun/relatively easy cosplay group. 

Then I thought this: Scott Pilgrim Movie Spec

We can dip into the comics but there's definitely a lot of opportunities for the guys and some characters for the girls too. Thoughts? Loves? Hates? Mehs?
  
  
 Can we get, like, dual curtain FOPs sometime?  

The thought of it makes my legs weak.
I dont think anyone wants to hear about you taking a shit.




Also, Rick Roll is the man.
Golem
I like to fill a drinking glass 1/2 with cheap vodka and 1/2 with tap water. I don't call it anything.
 I wonder if the other girls will talk about Nana now that she's not there today....they tend to be very chatty.  

So far they haven't.
 point of order here: 
 haiku don't need syllables 
 to fit an exact scheme.  

let me be the first
to second this point, haiku
in the wrong language

never was haiku;
syllables matter less than
diction and image.


my favorite haiku ever:

pissing in the snow
outside my front door:
it makes a very neat hole.
--Kobayashi Issa, translated by Robert Haas
i checked my callender, and this shit aint on it. we need to talk to some folks and rectify the problem so it DONT happen again
 Screw OB--I'm gonna start my own geeky web forum.  With blackjack.  And hookers. 
  
  
 In fact, forget the web forum and the blackjack.  

I'm, like, totally fucking speechless at how pointless and stupid this post is.
OMFG THIS DAMN MODFLAG IS DRIVING ME INSANE!
5413-0288-6746

I wanted the blue pokemon 3DSXL, but I settled for a decal on my current one.
A salad made from avocado, cherry tomatoes, and chilled shrimp, with olive oil, salt and pepper, and a squeeze of lemon. My go-to summer lunch!
Well. 

Sorry, this is really funny to me. I would also find it humorous in reverse, trading porn for bibles. 

What if I didn't want Playboy though?
Did anyone read the second half of that Christian Bale interview.  Once he was done apologizing, he spoke briefly on the subject of Michael Phelps:

&#8220;Please, Michael Phelps, swim in the next Olympics,&#8221; Bale said. &#8220;This guy has a God given talent. So he&#8217;s smoked a bit of weed, plenty of our presidents have.&quot;

Between this and the apology, and the fact that he and this hurlbut guy evidently talked it out and were cool again on the day that the whole thing happened, I think Mr. Bale has redeemed himself.
 DIY?   you grab two household sponges, stick them on either side of a rubber glove. Put the sponges and glove in a tall glass and roll the end of the glove over the edge.
Coincidentally, I wanted to post this pic of ashe too.


Has been a personal fav of mine since I first joined OB. I turned 26 yesterday, I feel like I should be a proper adult now
Feuilly - You are truely a man among men. Especially calling the pitches. Though, I don't really see what thet has to do with physical therapy.

Cancer - I'm sure you were thinking &quot;I've got this locked up&quot; after the first question.
See Jemstone, if there were a target in canada she'd be all over it.  Step down?  i think not.  step into the awesome brightly colored rad-tastic undies.
It has been too long...
I call the bed with Ein and Chrispy!
So hot!
There is no preparation of avocado that is not supremely satisfying. Deliciousest.
Thanks everyone I will check it out this weekend.
Cat's, as always.
I think Allison needs to get dolled up for a photo shoot!  She's so cute and would look great as a pin up!!!
Yes please and THANK YOU!
Oh hey there, blisters on my big toes. You're going to make this a fun weekend.
Ryan, you got me hooked on dirty martinis!
I'm with the &quot;see the vet&quot; party. If you've already tried the classic things like having 2 litterboxes, one of which the cat in question uses, keeping the boxes clean, etc., it may be an underlying health thing. 

Even if it isn't health-related, I would hope the vet would have some more expert behavioral advice that we haven't already doled out.
$2.86 in the town I work. 10 miles away its $2.69
Is Tea Party really a political party at this point?

I mean, I just thought most of them were republicans that got endorsed by the tea party movement.
She's wearing Fuggs. Eww!
are you serious? The rent is paid in full and yet you still threaten to evict me? Check your e-mail for the receipts you dumb jerk! There, I'll forward them twice. Sweet Gbus, cant wait to get the hell out of here
I'm glad to see what everyone is posting here! I'll be honest, I'm a lot more helpful for specifics than general how-tos, so if you have any specific questions, ask away!

Aside from that, the biggest help to me has always been actually watching somebody do things in person. I got started by watching my mom when I was a kid, and having somebody to show you and walk you through things is the best. If you have any friends or relatives nearby who sew, see if they wouldn't mind you shadowing them while they work on something, or helping you along with a project. 

Also, like everyone said, altering your own clothes is a great learning experience, not to mention super useful and rewarding. Getting more familiar with how clothes are put together is very helpful!

Twitter is awesome you shut your mouth!
Wel, no one has said it yet, but Eva. Man, the last episode.... I cried so hard. I don't mean any of the movies or whatever, just the original series. I don't know if I'd still have the same connection as I did back then, being like a decade older, but at the time....
&quot;My forecast is that around 2050, the state of Massachusetts will be the first jurisdiction to legalize marriages with robots...&quot;


Bull fucking shit. It definitely won't be legalized anywhere within our lifetimes or our children's lifetimes, no matter how humanlike robots ever become. Think gay marriage opponents and then think x100.
How about you make it so the microbadges pop up on mouseover of the bar?  If someone is on fire you can mouse over the bar that's burning or whatever visual and easily see why they're being lauded.

As for items, while they're old hat to us do you remember getting them for the first few times?  There's a cheap form of excitement there that would be a bad idea to take away from new members.  It's just one more thing that can keep them long enough to pay for a month and experience more of the site.
Well you're a dumbass so it's probably awesome.
Holy fuck, YES.
So what is the name? And when is your due date?
Totally posted this picture in the wrong thread before (as I didn't know this one existed)

This is my one month before/after from the 4 Hour Body diet, and my own dumbell weightlifting/ push ups/ whatever

7.5 inches from the waist lost, and 31 lbs lost
Success!
 I just need to express how hot I am over Chun Li's alternate costume, GADDAMN. Image: 650x366 JPG, 80KB.  Click to view. 

cosplay op &lt;3
it's what's for dinner.
&quot;Suggest&quot; to him that he gets tested.

Nothing quite like having a metal rod shoved up your urethra to make you realize you pissed somebody off.
I was very poor growing up so it was always thrift store hand me downs and being 5 years being the style. 

When I hit high school I moved out to California from NY and declared myself on vacation until I graduated and only wore hawaiian shirts, flip flops and shorts.

When I hit college I moved back to NY and got a little more funky and wore everything from a cowboy hat with wool plaid pants to pleather and velour shirts. I really just had fun.

Now that I have a little bit of money I am more Brookes Brothers and Ralph Lauren but with a bit of flair. I started my own clothing line called upskull that I have been working on for a few years, where I take higher end clothes and customize with a bit of flair based on the concept of taking the iconic skull and cross bones image back from the ed hardy soccer mom rejects. Hopefully I can launch it one day but I dont mind having one off clothes.
Nah it's cool bro, I got this.
 I love Duck.  
Really any use of the word &quot;faggot&quot;, even when describing something positive.

I recently used it to describe a guy acting sappy towards the girl he's with, and one of my Bay Area friends went apeshit angry on me.

The extremity of his overreaction made me lol, especially since it was in private... But, yeah, not a good expression to use in non-OB company.
Of course if Tanya wants the titular scientist role, we can fight over it.  Though Bunsen Honeydew is still available I think?
Yeah, WW suggests 1-2 pounds a week as a good marker for healthy weight loss. Also check your sodium and the kinds of exercises you do. Sometimes the exercises need to be varied to prevent the body from being too used to it.
diavana ~ come hang out with us! Please? Must I beg? Because I won't...unless you're into that sort of thing...

er...

*ahem*
The Magnificent Seven

Brick

The Good, The Bad and the Ugly

A Mighty Wind
Please please, Rick would have to be the head of b squad.
Shiny Happy People is a fun song!
Showlist is awesome.

Also check out www.do512.com. It's not as good but it can pick up where showlist doesn't.

There's also this: which is specifically for SXSW.
There is a system that worked 2000 years ago, and will continue to work in 2,000 years. I don't know how that is &quot;antiquated&quot;. You can name your children 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 for all I care, but don't suppose your brave insight into naming children is somehow better because it's not how your ancestors did it.  Do you have your dad's last name? Does that make your parents sexist?  
Amazing fight with Bonnar, and despite how much I hate it, impressive win for Chris Leben. That was Akyama's fight to lose and Leben took advantage of a opening when he had it. The Sex really needs to work on that cardio that's two fights he completely gassed himself. If that was Wanderlei, (as it should of been) he would of gotten knocked out if he could not put him away in the 1st.

That was a hell of a fight. Really impressed with Brock. 
  
 I still dont think he is used to getting hit in the face yet though. A really good technical striker may have been able to put him away. Even still he looked great, I would have never bet...

I actually called the fight by the end of the first round. I told my mom &quot;Carwin has gassed himself, and Brock now knows he can take Carwin's best shots, he's going to get him by submission.&quot; 

But yeah the arm triangle was a surprise, When he applied the pressure I was like &quot;I can't believe he studied that!&quot;  This weekend been good to Japanese UFC fighters.  
Baby seals.
Oh my God, Perry. Oh my God! Let's go and find people and make them uh we can uh make them SO JEALOUS because we are SO THE BEST AT BEING THE BEST!!!

I want to take you all behind the middle school and get you pregnant.
Scotch. What's new.
Die Hard 4 getting a PG-13, I can tolerate that. 

But Terminator 4 getting a PG-13? That is just unacceptable. Unacceptable at all.

Man.   
  
 Long story short desktop Firefox does not leak memory.  I know it might read some silly high amount of memory in Task Manager, but as a guy who majored in Computer Science and will experience no personal gain from convincing you that Fir...

Isn't the cause for the &quot;leak&quot; because it just stores every single page you've been to in memory so if you visit it later its called faster than if you just cached it?
I'm here too, damn it.


Netflix android super exclusive club is go!  
  
  1. HTC Incredible with Android 2.2  
 2. HTC Nexus One with Android 2.2, 2.3  
 3. HTC Evo 4G with Android 2.2  
 4. HTC G2 with Android 2.2  
 5. Samsung Nexus S with Android 2.3.  
  
  ...netflix...






Shhhhhhhhhh.

^ apk working on Droid X. Devicecheck enabled. Welcome.  DISabled.  
Okay, seirously, if you fuckers haven't started downloading Bleach-03 from that j-pop/rock site yet, you're fucking crazy.  The fucking basslines are ridiculous.
OH HAY GUYS WHAT'S UP?

I fuckijmngv loive rum.
The password is sticked in the &quot;AV Chatroom Password&quot; thread, which you can find here:


Sorry I left, I'll be back in in a little while.  I'm back again for sexy times! Just in case anyone missed it, Viv made us a chat room via tinychat. You can find it at  
 My favorite director is Uwe Boll, because while his films are garbage, he's a totally ridiculous man. How many other directors do you know who have challenged their critics to a one-on-one boxing match? 
  
 That's right, none, bitches.  

Hahahaha, I really gotta hand it to him for having done that!  And then people were bitching that he promised them training and shit which he didn't, but who gives a shit they should've trained on their own anyway!  Uwe Boll is the man.
There's one in my FOPs.  Can't find the original pic.  
*getting back on topic*
I still haven't heard anyone explain how hair vs bald fits in with peeing standing up?
Kapt Dai....YAR YAR and MOTHERFUCKIN YAR.
OK!
Dual Shock Controller

Vibration test on Metal Gear Solid 1

Horny girl

Should be easy to figure out the outcome.
65+ hours into New Vegas, playing through The Divide (last of all the DLC)... level late-40s.  I want to beat it so I can play Saint's Row, but I don't want to beat it because then I'll never play it again :(
I had a girl ask me if I wanted to just &quot;get high and make out&quot; sometime.

I'm going out for drinks with her later this week.
 
  
 This thread is designed to bitch, not grammatically correct others on their grips. 
  
 Since I'm posting, I am so fucking tired because I just worked 13 hours plus but I need an hour or so to myself to decompress before heading back for anoth...

Gripes*^ (couldn't help it)

Welp, I bitched about bad grammar.  I also came to the thread to originally augh about something unrelated, it's not like it was only reason I posted (I just hit &quot;submit reply&quot; too early on accident through my phone).  Also, he's actually done that mistake a lot of times with the &quot;too&quot; and &quot;to&quot;, so I just decided to call him on it here instead of finding and bumping up that bad grammar thread as a side note.  Really, in the end, who gives a fuck?  Other people have been teased about bad grammar in this thread before, who cares?

Unrelated:
I'm pissed off that I started feeling really shitty and I'm working this weekend and my glands in my throat feel like their going to explode.  It doesn't hurt, necessarily, they're just slightly swollen and it's hard to swallow.  I hope I'm not really sick or that this isn't anything I'll have to go to the doctor for.
The downside is that I had to miss my friend's show up in Glendale that I promised her I'd go to for the last two weeks.  She understands, but I'm still bummed about it.


Hahaha awesome turn of events. I also love the term &quot;tuxedo lesbians&quot;.
As for an unpopular opinion, I absolutely adore the first Sonic Adventure. It's probably one of my favorite games. I spent countless hours going for 100% completion on that game.
Agreed. I liked the second one, too.
 Wrex. PS:  Shepard.     

Fail.

Super Fail.
 Yeah.  What the fuck happened to Winterfell?  I get that we're supposed to not know, but wtf. 
  
   

Haha, I don't even get THAT much! They didn't present it like a mystery... it was just burned and no one asked why.

Yo, I just remembered Arya was supposed to kill at least two dudes this season with her own hands - old guy during Yoren's last stand, and the guard to escape Harrenhal. 

She killed zero in the show.

Boooo! What kinda soft ass shit is that!
Karma for being a douchebag.





No,  I'm mostly kidding, that does suck.

Mostly.
Just got back from a huge WSOP party and also the best strip joint evar. Still quite drunk and oh man good times. had like 6 lapp dances and i don't even know how im' tpuung straight rgith now. Even snagged anumber from one of the strippers. Like, not some fake ass number but real and man. Woo good times.
...maybe we should start a thread to see who would pay to see them.

Answer: Anti



It's called the Grinch Thread! Damn!
because korea wants to be more American and eat corn flakes and corn bread when they take breaks from WoW and starcraft 2?
Sweet! Great pics!  Keep them coming!
NO MY PENIS BIGGER  Also, you white people are so damn sensitive.  
Hey everyone!  Remember to wear close-toed shoes! 

Every brewery I've been in requires you to wear close-toed shoes and usually provide gross crocs.
Oh, I love you John!!!!
This song.


After!
That is not a chick.
I am so unprepared for this weekend, and Lord knows I don't have the money, but I need it and I'm going.
Depends on who your roomie is.
Mom came into work crying this morning. Mom never cries. Apparently a guy on a bike didn't signal when he was making a turn and she hit him last night. He went to the hospital and is okay but obviously Mom can't even think about it this morning and is still traumatized by it. 

Considering I would have no use for any of that stuff, I'd say it's another piece of shit fancy car.
Audi's still rule the car world.
DEATHWATCH RPG





Probably signing up this month! I can't wait to put my parkour skills to actual use! Hope they come in handy!
So on the OB server are people actually mining their materials or just spawning them?
There was a really good song on my pandora but the dog stepped on my phone and skipped the track.
Why am I shirtless why do I have ink on my chest where did I get that hat

See Adi Granov&#8217;s design for the film!

On Saturday at Comic-Con, &#8220;Iron Man&#8221; movie director Jon Favreau debuted an image of what the Iron Man movie armor is going to look like in the film. The design was created by former &quot;Iron Man&quot; comic artist Adi Granov, who Favreau reached out to through MySpace once he was attached to the project. Check it out below!

I love little ratty fingers. I'm sure if they were cleaned up they'd still be cute.

Yeah they are probably multi-use. They actually look larger and broader than your standard rat's. 

The only thing that would worry me would be the teeth. I have been bitten by regular rats before and it's pretty ouchy. I am sure a rat that big has some really impressive choppers.
Yeah, Nessa. Can you stop having your own opinion and defending it? It's really selfish.
I love the show Fastlane.
I have a DS and a DS Lite. The difference in lighting between the two screens is just amazing. I feel like I could use it as a flashlight if I wanted. =p Hard to believe that they could have improved the original DS so much while making it so small/light.
MEMEMEMEMEMEMEMEEEE!!!!!
This thread! &lt;3333
WTF!                                                                                                
                                                                                                                  

Transformers: ROTF Teaser Trailer #2 (Bootlegged From Friday The 13th Showing):

Ha... active...
Canada and Madilicious! Oh your contributions are very wonderful!
Oh you boys and your wicked, wicked ways. I'm engaged. You're married. Clearly it was never meant to be.
Doesnt want to gett up, but magfest is calling.
Kurenai totally made my catgirl dreams come true. Mrrow!!
that is an awesome teapot...
This is apparently the week for threesomes.
John, deep in my throat, I know you will always be gay. I am proud of you for taking this step but just know, that no matter what, I will alw- MMFFFFMFMFMGGHGHGHGHGHTHHHGHGHGHRT
 I want to recreate the SNL chippendales skit with you.  :)  Fucking genius!
Shit, the urge to start playing EVE again is becoming unbearable.
I was a diehard Toonami fan back in the day when it had some variety and slightly better quality. Ah well :\
I just told my father that I was fired from my job. He's livid. An understatement.

Time to go apply for more jobs...
Oh my god. That was absolutely everything...EVERYTHING...I could have hoped for. That was amazing. Mercedes and Rachel both were outstanding. And in the context of the show, I did not hate &quot;My Life Would Suck Without You.&quot; That takes a lot.

I just am floored at how good that was.
Third.
I don't feel old. :)
I saw too many people on the way home from work pulled over already...

think I'll do my drinking at home tonight hahaha
FUUUUUUCK.

I want in but I'm 80% sure I'm working in another state.
 Naked Tonks.  

I'll concede the point, but on the other hand: dragon-napping!?!

I dunno, maybe the strangeness and mysteries of Qarth are hard to convey in the limitations of the televised format so they have to write it with more typical politics and scheming and all that. I reserve judgement.
Yea, but we know that the Blaster Master remake and God of War suck, Izeekial.  You're not saying anything new.
My ass...
Three players left and I need about 30 points.  I might be able to pull this one out.

Love the amount of huge scoring across our league this week.  I have a feeling this year it's going to come down to the wire.
I haven't seen anyone REALLY freaking out about it. But I blame the Huffington Post and other online news sources for being vague as fuck and not explaining that it didn't have anything to do with western astrology and that it didn't apply to anyone pre-2009.

I don't follow astrology but once you have a sign and have had it all your life you don't want someone telling you its changed. People don't like change. News at 11.
Books are the best presents ever!
I just pulled off 16 hours of sleep and I'm ready to rock!
Oh man, I didn't realize Catwoman was playable in Arkham city.  Looks hot.
The only thing that's more played out then hipsters drinking PBR is people bitching about hipsters drinking PBR.
ok, i am going to go ahead and assume because of this statement:

Smoking is tricky because it's possibly unhealthy to some people or unhealthy to everybody. From what I've heard the word isn't in yet on how harmful it is in general. So before we get ahead of ourselves I think we need to wait for futher research and hope that people are responsible enough to solve this problem on their own.

...that you are a certified idiot who doesn't really know anything about the human body OR the fact that when you smoke you are inhaling a number of carcinogens into your lungs...which are made of very sensitive tissues...and probably don't enjoy being covered in tar and smoke every few minutes.
If you don't think that cigarette smoke is harmful...how do you explain the fact that people who smoke usually in the long run wind up with a shitload of different cancers that eventually kill most of them.
Also on a side note...please do not try to deny this...my father is dead because of the fact that he smoked for years.

In short...it's fine that you don't think it's cool that you can't eat your burger and smoke your cigarettes.
I for one...as someone who used to smoke quite a lot...and i still do when drinking on occasion...do not understand why you would want to smoke in a place where you're eating in the first place because...it's just nasty...go outside.
The problem is though...it's not your call on this at all...it IS the governments call.
YOU are infringing on non-smokers rights when YOU try to smoke in an establishment that outlaws it...and YOU are breaking the law.

stop being an asshole.
I know I end up coming across that way, and with most political discussions its really not appropriate, and I usually don't mean to.  With this particular conversation it was so far away from what I started out trying to ask about it seemed really weird to me.
 
  
 Has any giant robot series ever explained the need or benefits of a giant robot over conventional weapons? Other than Evagelion and the AT field? 


eva can't be discounted though because that story seems to exist to poke fun at the mecha genre and at the same time is an extremely compelling example of how a creative person can justify such a thing as giant robots.

i cant really answer your question directly, because i can't recall the explanations of even the few giant robot things i've seen. but i think the explanation becomes redundant if you manage to make the robots badical. if the machines are just that fun to watch, then a really solid explanation becomes increasingly less necessary. long explanations  can be just as weak a thing in cinema as anything, another distraction from actually creating human interest. in this film, i think i find myself looking for answers because i'm simply bored.   
   Nope. They meant that's what caused the K-T extinction event. 

oop sorry yea, i  even looked it up before i posted but i guess a lot of people are confused.

the kaiju couldn't survive in the clean air of the dinosaurs' age.
why did they bother killing all the dinosaurs then? did they kill them, then sit down and be like - uh this actually sucks nevermind? did they kill the dinos off by causing the dust cloud that blocked sunlight? if so, why couldn't they do that for the  humans, then? be easier than coming out one at a time and jumping on stuff. and seriously the atmosphere can't be that different now, can it? to equate it to having terraformed the earth?

hot dogs  
 If it makes you feel any better, &quot;he's there and he kills things and he's creepy&quot; is about all the characterization he gets until the fourth book or so. You're not missing too much!  

That! Man, he really does look extremely creepy, though. Also John, that clip is straight up hilarious.

I really like that Sansa is getting bolder/sassier as the season goes on. The scene she has with Joffrey is just great. 

Also I'm sure you've all seen it by now, but I'm super excited about everybody who is included in season three for sure! (THE REEDS! MANCE! QUEEN OF THORNS!)
The full list is here: 

Hi guys! I want to cross stitch the NC 1701 (Or NC 1701-D, but preferably OTS) and ultra pixel pics are the easiest to do so. I may have only dreamed it but I thought that maybe just a simple side view of one exists. Or else if someone is into doing pixel art, want to make me a pic? Thanks everyone! &lt;3
fuck yo ubitch
Andrew, your bark is clearly worse than your bite, so maybe I oughta just leaf this thread alone.  It's liable to branch out into off-topic trouble, with the number of nuts around here.  Best, I think, to nip it in the bud.  Aw, what the hey.  I'm sure I'll compost in here again soon.  
Kinda hot, tbh.
I say y'all should wrastle for 'em.  ...in jello.  
This is my last full day in Hawaii.  :C
Nothing will ever get better.
A+ LET'S DO THIS
 
  
 Yea, I had a friend who was kinda like that except since we were friends he was way more direct. He was convinced I'd fall in love with him eventually because, y'know, wearing the girl down until she says yes always works in the movies. He use...

Oh this guy kept showing up where i hung out, at my house and all that, cuz see, he stalked me cuz i broke up with him. Also: I found out later that before me he'd driven three and half hours to propose to an ex because she responded with &quot;have a nice life&quot; to a letter he wrote her.
Be fair, Logan, everyone is ogling the posters in those threads.
 Also, it's a genuinely bad webcomic. Not the worst, but really. 
  
 P.S. What the hell happened to howlinmadmurphy? She just dropped off the internet. Saw her at AX this year, though. Good DMC3 cosplay.  

Where DID she go?
I'm getting my mirena tomorrow. I am sure you will all hear alllllll about it in lots of detail.
Cheesecake. Banana with whipped cream splatted on.
I wonder what this means in terms of UB40's prospects in being regraded as a planet now?

LOL The sad thing is that the little girl who named the planet (the daughter of its discoverer) is still alive! Buuuuurnn!
I get to go glider flying sometime soon.
  
  
 Warcraft III didn't.  

...Wow. You serious? WC3 was an amazing follow-up to WC2.  I mean, did you even play through all the campaigns and TFT? WC3 lived up to its hype and then some.  
Psychonauts : 
That. Fucking. Minigame. (in DS1)

Almost made me ragequit - it's nigh fucking impossible with a console controller, at least it seemed to me. The second time they force you to play it I could not wipe the disbelief/displeasure from my face.
 Seriously this got to be one of the dumbest things in recent politics. What was the point of wasting almost a year?  

&quot;Franken will become the 60th member of the Senate Democratic caucus, a move that gives the party a filibuster-proof majority in the chamber, at least on paper.&quot;

It is actually quite important. Whether or not reality will play out in this manner, who knows, but the number 60 is significant.
CHEESECAKE and wings.
Alright, I'm a Head Start teacher. Head Start is a government funded program for impoverished children. I serve a demographic that will not get schooling at a young age without this program.
I just left work late after a program wide meeting about sequestration and how it will effect us. Nationally, Head Star funding will be cut by 5.3%. I believe my director said that the numbers are over $5 million. Locally, my program will be cut by over $240,000. So now, what to do to reduce our budget? 
We currently serve 640 children. That is reducing to 600 next year.
Two classrooms will be closed. This means 6 staff positions will be closed. 
5 days will be taken from our school year. (180 reduced to 175)

Anything else on the board if the numbers go higher?
Benefits.
Salaries.

So yeah. Seeing people post about their &quot;gun rights&quot; is currently pissing me the fuck off.
 Also Owen how many times has someone sent you the &quot;Tie me up and fuck me already&quot; comment?  
I have never sent him that comment but now that you mention it, it seems wrong NOT to with all his posts up and all.  DONE.  
SHITCAM!
bumpity bump bump
(gratuitous bumping of BC threads should end sometime next week)  and another! Tomorrow's the last day to order! Still a couple of you who said you wanted one at BC but hain't paid me yet...    *Order deadline is MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!*    Shirts will be mailed out today! Watch your PMs for your tracking number. Thanks everybody!  
COME OVER HERE AND BLOW ME BIG BOY!
Please stop sending me loose-leaf doodles of cartoon characters and ask me what I think.  They're doodles.  Shaded doodles.  Congratulations, you can copy cartoon characters.
holy shit
I started my second week of the winter quarter. 

I passed physics!!
Hm.  Nah.
I can justify $10

Bought, Now I need to build my uber dwarf or goblin team again
I'm amazed I somehow missed this thread.
My my name is Johnny and I am posting in this high quality forum. 
Blame PurlyPop for inviting me.


 You are not one of us, until you're drunk and naked.  
Suddenly I think I'll do just fine here.
Wow! This is going to be amazing. I'm really impressed, Pam. Great job!

I wish I could help out in some way. I'm actually pretty decent with a camera in my hand, but I don't have a stellar camera or video camera to use.


~The PE Coach barks at the female student to run faster, lift her knees higher or she is never going to beat her best time.  He licks his lis and watches as her petite breasts bounce in the morning sun, as sweat drips down her forehead and inner thighs like a morning dew on a young flower~
dude, this iz sum seriouzly fuked up shit rite here lol so sume govment dude in Cali gets paid to give shit to som gun building dudes  they give him a hous an a boat n shit  then the govment is saying its sum shit like bribes.  Man fuk that shit if their gonna giv me munny, im taken that shit  anyways so thay totally R takeng this dude to corut now and hes prolly gonna go to jail and shit.  now that's fuxored.
LUAU PARTY
OK I plan on making the thread this week.  Just sucks cause after Paypal shut down my secondary account, I am stuck using my primary Paypal address and just didn't want all my funds being mixed when I had a handful of eBay auctions up.  Sorry for the delay!
My surprise attack... and a big ass chair... 

.... there's a story that goes with that, but it's too long for the forums.
There's also a Chanukah pack.

Here's the company's page for both

i'm not sure where else to post this so here is how the last hour of my night went.


guy in a wheel chair gets in a verbal altercation with a large group of 19-20 year olds on the subway. the majority of that groups exits  the subway leaving 2 girls on their own, wheel chair guy gets rowdy and pulls a shiv and advances on the girls left talking about how they probably should have gotten off with their friends. since i'm the only person between said girls and wheel chair man i do a quick analysis, restraining him means i'll probably getting stabbed too based on what he is yelling  so i just hit him with a solid cross knocking him out, and telling the girls they should make themselves scarce. i still really feel like shit though because in the same circumstances if i were homeless and in a wheel chair and some rich kids were talking shit i would probably wanna stab them too.



there is not enough booze in my apartment for what just happened.

ARGH!

ZNES, WHHHYYY did you have to crash in the middle of the victory pose after the boss battle, before I could save?


Doom Wall was a bitch and I don't wanna do it again :(
 Keep in mind, he is still in ICU and will be in the hospital for about another week at the least. So she is going to have a tank of oxygen sitting in her car in the hospital parking lot for that long in over 100 degree heat and when we told her that might not be a good idea, she shrugged it off and changed the subject.

She's gonna blow something up. My God, this woman wants things to go exactly as she wants them and refuses to see logic. 


&quot;Hmph, I'll be seeing you soon,&quot; Darwin chuckled to himself as he lurked in the shadows of the night.
We now have both Darth Tater and the Spud Trooper in stock.


Worth it for the potato masher/blaster alone.
Apartment viewing set for tomorrow! Lets hope this is the one!
Dear god somebody tell me who's bombing this between our faces!
I don't have anyone to see The Avengers with.
I'm glad you agree! I like songs from all her albums, new and old.
Every time I hear any version of the day the music died I automatically assume its the saga begins.  I work morning stock at menard's now and the in store music station/recording plays it about once every 3 days between 5 and 9am.

Tl;dr: about twice a week.  Most recently, 5:03am today, 06 august 2011
 I now own my car!  

I know it's a bit late, but same for me- high five!
Free Parachute. Only used once, never opened, stained. 

TRACY!


Wasn't from an inheritance, was it?
Now if they time traveled back to the Eugenics Wars I'd be a happy girl.




I heard about that whole story a few weeks ago. Pisses me off. In my opinion, if you're going to come to a country to live, you should respect that country enough to learn the language. A lot of people use the excuse that people shouldn't have to leave thier culture behind, and that has nothing to do with it. If I were to move to any country, especially Mexico, I'd learn the language that the country-folk speak. Period. I can be an American at heart, and learn another language if I think the country is that great that I want to live there. 

The group leader should not be demoted. That is not cool, in any way, shape, or form. Have the department pay for classes for the person, tell them they must take the classes to learn spanish by a certain time, or therefore be demoted, because it's policy. But being demoted because you only know the language that the country uses? Bull fucking shit. In addition, the department should pay for classes for any members who do not speak english to learn it as well.
Yes, and metal through the holes. 
Dyselon: The game came with a GBA cable.

and when I bought the second copy...that ALSO came with a GBA cable....



I feel like we need to gather up a bunch of SoCal OBers and go to the next big movie premiere that he stars in, holding up huge signs that say &quot;MARK WAHLBERG GOT YO' BACK!&quot; and see if he notices it


I would be SO down for that.
Tori I'm calling YOU out.

Stop acting like Queen Shit of the Internet and leave the poor bastard alone.

Yes, he sucks. But all he does is suck. It's not like he's really RUINING ANYTHING.

Don't need to react to damn near everything the guy says.
The bitch LOVED being hit in the face with a ham!!! I mean, COME ONNNNNN! 

I heard this in GOB's voice, totally
I think ThePirate's first mistake was expecting a Lucifer post to make sense.
 God dammit Matt. Way to be anticlimactic. I was at least hoping to hear some story about a girl presenting you with a heart shaped box of chocolates and dashing off all anime style. I guess I'm glad you're alive. Whatever.  

and inside that box of chocolates is a bomb.
I've made my decision. Ultimate dibs on Lwaxana.
I thought it was the time traveling beings from the 25th century, which is causing our current econimc collapse so as to prevent the people from Earth from being the dominate species that they are in the universe.  PS: Sorta off topic, if you play the 360 game Prey.  During the game your char picks up radio signals of Art Bell's radio program describing the events that are going on  
Oh my god, this guy.

I kinda feel sorry for him now, it seems like he doesn't have any friends so he's reaching out to internet friends :(
I had this with the original Terminator.  I was skeptical when someone popped it in the DVD player 3 years ago...and i thought that it was better than most of the CGI shit going on now!
worth noting - I keep forgetting I'm not on FB and want to &quot;like&quot; posts. I really like that last - I should try it! I always have a giant canister of oats around for baking and for mixing home made &quot;instant&quot; oatmeal.
Vago-Recto! 

Thanks!
There are theories that some songs were done by michael jackson, or at least one of his associates, but I don't know those theories are actually confirmed.
THIS IS MY WORK FACE
Make me a red velvet vodka and then let's talk.

Holy mother of God, how I would drink the shit out of that.
I heard the same about the first, so its pretty obvious the sequeal will follow suit.
Wait is this news, or a comic?
&quot;Fuckers&quot; in a nice way, like saying &quot;guys&quot;, I mean.  Sorry, forgot which tab I'm in.  Herp derp.

But seriously.  Those Ryans.  They climbin' in yo' windows, etc.
show me your tits
 I'm going to get really drunk and show up at NOI's house naked probably. Or I may confuse it with the shell station down the road again like I did last year....  

Baby, you wear that Pyramid Head costume, I'll cover myself in a bloody latex bodybag, and you can rape me in the dirty kitchen.
Ugh! Left a nasty little blood bruise on the palm of my hand from coming down on them too hard doing Burpees. Ouch!
Since prohibition didn't work when it was an all or nothing kind of thing, I guess the powers that be figured whittling away at something would work better.

Seriously.  Fucking.  Gay.
I don't know if you have ever read a men's Japanese magazine, but they ALWAYS feature an ad with black dudes in it. It never fails. Usually there is some great engrish about &quot;street style&quot; or something
Happy birthday!
At the moment, I'm leaning towards PvE server if I play at retail. Open PvP is just chaos and trouble and I prefer organized PvP. Actually fighting someone for a reason, not just to be a dick. 

Yeah, I rarely enjoy playing on full PvP servers for that very reason. It really just isn't fun having your game be made unplayable because some dude doesn't have anything better to do than be a dick.
You'd think eventually I'd get to the point where I'd be happy for my exfiance when he tells me good news about his life, but really it just ticks me off. 


I hope your baby looks like a foot.



No I don't. But I wish I did.
If I'm a fuckbot, I must have a serious runtime error.
Booty!  Get off the fucking ice ya pussy!
  
  
 Or &quot;Open Your Pie Hole&quot; ?  

No I save that one for when i go to bars.
Cool.  Thanks, Mom, for not understanding why I'm upset that I have to leave my girlfriend completely alone in our apartment in Massachusetts for six days immediately before Christmas.  She doesn't get to be with her family at all on Christmas, but you've decided we're visiting your family for longer than we have in &lt;i&gt;years&lt;/i&gt;.  Telling me your family is more important than my girlfriend may be true for you but it sure as hell isn't for me.  Completely different person, you best not have just made a passive-aggressive tweet in reference to my girlfriend who housed you all weekend in our apartment since the dorms were closed and you had nowhere else to go.  You are sweet but I swear you are from a completely different world where common sense, courtesy and graciousness do not fucking exist.    Clarifying about the mom thing because I just got a PM about it: we visit Mom's side of the family in Kansas City before Christmas every year, but usually only for 2 or 3 days.  This year we're staying longer, and in that time, my girlfriend is going to be in MA working because she couldn't get time off to visit her family until after Christmas.  She's really bummed about not being able to see them and in addition to that she has to be alone for almost a week while I'm in KC.  Mom got personally offended that I was upset about it, as though I was upset that I had to spend time with her family (when obv that isn't it at all.)  Anyway.  
Is &quot;size 38&quot; the same thing?? Cause !
For a million bucks I could either give or take.
Miyu. Because I have to put faith in the woman. Sorry man. 

Uhmm... 

Fievel vs the deceased EVAUNIT!!!
So if he has sex at all he'll go nuts and have to fuck a bunch of people, is that what you're saying?

I think he needs to forget about the open relationship and try going to a therapist.

Golly gosh some of you are impatient.
santa hats

overdone and trite and like nine times out of ten the person wearing one is gross
It's kind of mind blowing to us that while we have perfectly capable, if oblivious and selfish family members, right here or near enough to help that we have friends who would be willing to come great distances to be awesome human beings. I will never take such friendships for granted.

Most of our planning is in the early stages as much will depend on the actual date. We do know that the doctor does these surgeries on Fridays so the earliest would be March 18th. If not then it would be April 1st at the soonest because we have Kasey's art school audition Friday, March 25th.

We realistically don't expect anyone to come from far away. That's just too much to ask. But if things go all to shit and Sean has drastically overestimated his advanced healing powers or driving capabilities (I'm going to flat out ask the doctor about the plausibility of our plan A). well, we'll keep it in mind for a last resort.
You can imagine where it goes from here.
 I don't -have- to do anything but stay black and die.  

Why do both? Michael Jackson only did one.  Too soon?  
Anything Cromwell has done, basically.
The first thing I saw on Sunday morning was this: 

Image: 900x675 JPG, 290KB. Click to view.

I'd rather wake up like that than to an earthquake. That's definitely confusing and un-fun.
Spent some time down at Occupy DC today. Good people down there, working hard.
 blog.hawkstudios.net/ 
  
 Fixed 
  
  Image: 500x591 JPG, 110KB.  Click to view. 

I could easily forgive the blue boots if the pants were black like that and not shiny PVC blue.
But god when you do you're the funniest asshole ever. 

Haha, I know, right?  It's a liberating feeling. :)
This is why some people should NEVER reproduce, if not for their sake, but for their children's sake.
Holy shit that's a cute baby.
guys daiquiris are good.
:)





BMD goes back to his group and one of the ladies that he was with (who looked like the effing CRYPT KEEPER) came up behind me and tapped me on the shoulder. She said that BMD was very nice and married and had daughters my age and just wanted to dance. I said that was nice, but he was making me uncomfortable so I didn't want to dance anymore. She tried to convince me that he was just the nicest of men for the next 5 minutes or so before my brother suddenly had something very important to tell me on the other end of the bar so I walked away. For the rest of the night, each one of his friends came up and asked me to dance with him.


Then comes Sweaty McPitstain. Younger guy, kinda pudgy, sweaty as FUCK. He comes up behind me, bends over and starts this horrifyingly embarrassing (for him) dance and gleefully yelled &quot;WHITE BOYS BE DANCIN, RIGHT?&quot; Oh Sweaty, how slightly racist of you. I approve. I let Sweaty continue to dance near me before I just give up and lean against the wall. Mind you, during all of this I am not the only one dancing out of this group. I'm not the one on the edge. I'm just with the group, dancing but I get targeted.  While I'm leaning against the wall Teenage as FUCK grabs my arm and tries to pull me into his group. At this point, my brother's sick of seeing me getting pulled around and people grabbing me so he yanks him away and goes &quot;HEY. That's my little sister, punk!&quot; Guy looks at him, raises an eyebrow and says &quot;She got a swweeeeet ass&quot; before walking away. Of course, my asshole brother just laughs at this. Douche. 

Sweaty comes back and starts trying to mack on one of my brother's friends who thinks he's cute so she takes the bait, but then he tries to make himself into a sandwich with me while they're dancing. She walks off and goes to get us some shots. While she's handing out shots, Sweaty comes back and picks me up. I HATE being picked up. I'm short, so I don't like to be high and I'm heavy so I'm convinced whoever's picking me up is going to drop me. I start squealing and the bouncers come running but my brother's friend gets there first and pulls me away from him and puts me down. He told him that wasn't cool and sweaty just stared at him and then walked away. 

Things got quiet for a while after that.
You ever get half way through wiping, and you shit again? It's going to be one of those kinda days! Can hardly wait to get it started!
Wait, I'm confused.  If my character is a guy, and screws your character in the butt, does that make me gay?

Because that would be totally hot.
 You know, from the video itself, it doesn't seem like you're going all that fast, but I know how video can often times be misleading. You're car being so quiet just adds to the illusion as well. Curse Germain luxury cars and their quiet interiors!  

Hahah yeah, it's amazing.. On my previous visit I looked down while I was taking an S corner to discover I was doing 110 MPH and was just dumbfounded. So I try not to look at the speedometer anymore and just go with the feel. The car is quiet on some of the straightaways because it was a warmup lap and I wasn't trying to go over 120 mph, but it is damn quiet inside that car despite the exhaust upgrade. I'm thinking about putting in an x pipe because there is no exchange anywhere in the exhaust setup, and if I delete the resonators to install it the fucker will definitely have a primal scream. I'm still on the fence though, I do love the luxury silence!
this adorable boy keeps getting me high and giving me delicious food and kung fu movies and backrubs. I'm considering proposing.
You're missing the cigarette!!!

Hell it's your b-day too!! Smoke a cigar while you're on the shitter.
Hasn't been told that getting your little sister actually IS illegal.
This WILL happen! I swear, it will!!
 The kind that is green. And sticky.  

But it ain't no Jolly Rancher.
YOU FUCKERS. I leave for like 2 months to sew in New York and it all falls to shit. MOTHER
FUCK.


Ground up and in the freezer.
Inspired by the Free For All theme, I'm going to do a mix CD about cop-outs.
Hey Boots, can you make it so &quot;Moderator x says:&quot; links to their profile? With all these name changes, I can never keep track of who is who without a photo.
Because my daddy isn't a millionaire :(
 I felt so fucking bad about that. And I hated Branden for it for like an hour. lol  

I know you hated me for a good long time!! I'll make it up to you next time as you can rub my abs and cuddle with me!


drunken cocaine orgy held by her mother by 16 yrs.

those are always the best
You can download a lot of the themes here:

i lurv the die and kyo ^^ :huggle: yey for deg!
Morrowind was pretty nice.... unlike oblivion... Hate the giant map!!!!!
WHY DO I KEEP GOING TO THE SPIDER THREAD?! WHY?! WHY WHY WHY?!



PEOPLE. STOP POSTING PICS OF SCARY SPIDERS UNLESS IT'S A LINK AND DISCLAIMER, MKAY?
Fuck it, leave sixty bucks under your pillow and see what happens. Can't hurt.
Good luck with the move!
m pretty sure that that qualifies as unconstitutional... free speech anyone? I do not think &quot;nigger&quot; qualifies under the &quot;fighting words&quot; clause
what would the shitburgler do?
Mikel's cock is glorious.
I think there are very few things of value that can be duplicated on these printers.

Think about how much of a threat this is for Games Workshop. 

Games Workshop figurines and other figurines are one of the few things of value that could be duplicated on these machines.

Still, though, for far less than the cost of a 3D printer... you've been able to make your own resin copies of figurines for deecccccccades.  Thinking of every single thing of value that I own, the plastic bits are exceedingly small portions of those objects' value. The valuable bits are leather, silicon, glass, batteries, printed circuit boards, etc and the know-how to assemble it all.

I could, at best, use a 3D printer to replace some of the parts on those items if those broke - like for example, I could probably replace my laptop's upper and/or lower case shells. But despite the obscene markup on real OEM laptop shell replacement parts, I don't think that's really where laptop manufacturers make their money.  

For example, in the world of game consoles, you've been able to buy dirt-cheap replacement plastic parts forrrrrrrevvver: https://www.google.com/search?q=replacement+xbox+360+case

We know that console manufacturers are quite litigation-happy, yet I have never seen one have legal issues with these plastic replacement parts.  
  
  
 haha, residential carpenters are all fucking idiots.  

Yeah you're a moron. All UNION construction workers are idiots.
Don't forget SUNDAY. That's the worst one!

WE EXALTED, WE SO EXALTED.
Why do I always find these awesome threads 50 requests deep!
I'm sick in bed with a cold and have been all week. I was supposed to have some friends and family over tonight and make a giant dinner. I had to cancel on them 'cause I'm still all gross and contagious :(
So hey check it!! I'm actually on the flyer! 

Next show is at Exit, January 30. This is a regular monthly gig for us. It's totally FREE, plus Exit sells $2 PBR's and other cheap drinks. Plus we always give out goodie bags &amp; PBR swag. 

We'll have two shows; 10pm &amp; 1am. I'm hosting both, but performing in only one. If you can only make it to one or the other, let me know ASAP so I can request my spot in the lineup! A bunch of people who came out to Debonair were too late to see my routine :(

My new routine for this show is gonna be raunchy. All I'll tell you is that it's set to Detroit Cobras' &quot;Watch Me Eat A Hot Dog.&quot;
how bout now?

I got a hot pink pre-lit 4-footer with red feather boa garlend and blue balls... I should have bought a solar powered vibrator instead
My boobs are getting so small :-(
 TONZY'S GONNA KILL ME, but this is a slick pic of him back in his freshman year of high school!!! HOW DARE YOU! Agreed payment must be paid in full!
OB Member Zyd

Reverend Kane

Related?  
Y/N



Dick Clark is eternal. The marrow of babies keeps him alive
I'm just gonna install Win7 on my mac and have Steam there.
I ate the family prize-winning show rabbits when I was younger. My father told us that the neighbor dogs ripped open the metal cages and dragged our pets away. Turns out my mother cooked them into a casserole and fed them to us without warning.

Also I ate sea slug at a fancy restaurant in Shanghai. The texture made me uncomfortable.
If you're interested in more material about this battle (because Tim is right), try reading the historical novel &quot;Gates of Fire.&quot; It is so good and so well researched and I just could not put it down.

Seriously read it. 


Someone finally approved it.  Here it is if you're really that curious about it all.  

Finally, Bullgod has someone else to harass about MGS4.
What about vanilla cigarettes?  Does vanilla count as candy-flavored?
I looked up into the night sky with night vision goggles and saw more stars then I had ever seen before. It was beautiful.
I was sexually assaulted in 2005 by a patron of the restaurant I worked at.  The whole time he did it, he kept complimenting my appearance. I was backed in a corner and told I'd lose my job if I did anything about it, and I needed the job so you can guess what happened.  My assault had nothing to do with vigilance, the whole time I knew something was wrong but he backed me into a corner and I couldn't get away, plus he spent a lot of money at the restaurant so the management sided with him because they didnt want to lose him as a customer.  Sexual assault has nothing to do with how vigilant you are, so you need to stop bringing that up as a reason why you're not a survivor. Yes, you are lucky, no one would dispute that, but to attribute it to how much more aware you are than other people is bullshit.
good lord I missed all this ass for this long.... as soon as i get home there will be my big ol' Greek ass on the web...


Ah, reply No. 201. I think the gas chamber is about as risky as it gets.
As a vet and previous force protection analyst I'd like to say that I support the notion that a disgruntled US Vet is a likely threat to US Security. Though it is not PC to say, terrorism on US soil is more dangerous if homegrown, than foreign. The ...


Seconded!
Hard at work testing out a new product for possible bugs.
The kid should've started a movement instead of setting himself on fire.  There are so many levels or dedication between nothing and martyr.  Anyway, remember when &quot;Heathers&quot; was considered so far out there no one worried about this shit?  Goddamn we need some role models making the news again.  Who's a great role-model kids can look up to?  
Man, we should have a separate thread for how awesome Piers Anthony is when you're 13, and how terrible he is when you've grown up.

I read literally almost everything the man wrote when I was a kid, and then when I went back and looked at them again a few years ago, I was like, &quot;Holy crap, this stuff really sucks.&quot;
There's already a documentary on the subject:
I'm all about cutting out the middleman completely and just jerking off on someone's face.
come here now beetches
Surely youve seen me play IIDX
What, she doesn't like dick pics? 

Tell her you want to show off how sexy she is and you want to make the rest of us jealous? 



An Intel i7 950 quad core CPU, motherboard, and 6 gigs of DDR3 RAM to upgrade my computer. The worst part about it is that I upgraded my computer only 5 months ago.
Oh god I love this thread! 
 I think I need to change my profile pic to commemorate the reopening of this awesome thread.
 I heard that you should not go down on a girl in the morning after you had sex last night  
 because it looks like your opening up a grilled cheese  

yo, post a profile pic  
  yo  
ITT: This is how we roll.















Someone beat me with a stick. A big one. That was such a bad pun I deserve the beating.
 I was a lazy asshole and made a salad.  
  
 By the way, has anyone ever seen foodgawker.com? Get ready for foodgasms everywhere.  
Oh man, my friend once had a mini-intervention with me that I had to stop looking at it and checking out bacon recipes.
My sister is having a brain slug party tonight.  Free hats at the door.
Amazing what a new pair of glasses will do to your look. 

Image: 827x1478 JPG, 789KB. Click to view.

Thought you were Michael Westen from Burn Notice. Looking good there.
Gonna get knuckle tattoos reading FUNL CAKE
Nia's. I like.
Pan fried pigeon breasts with wild mushroom fricassee and a mixed wheaty seedy mix as the base. 
(Portion saved for tomorrow too)

Okay I'll be Moody.
I definitely give you mad credit for calling someones bluff.

You should wear a colored wig, that would piss her off probably.
But fuck it I just need to talk about it.

I broke down in tears today in my car while listening to a talk show on the radio. It made me wonder what kind of person I am.

A little back story, 2 days ago early in the morning during rush hour traffic a young man was standing on the railings of a bridge here in Montreal, he was ready to jump and end his life. The first tidbits of information started pouring during the morning radio show. My first thought was: &quot;Great, another idiot who has to go on the bridge and block traffic.&quot; Then my mind started wondering why he wouldn't just stay home and take a bunch of pills or what not, I mean, it seems less painful and an easier death than jumping off a bridge. 

A report a few minutes later came in that a cop who just happened to pass by saw the young man and quickly got out of his car and started talking to him. A few cars back a French Canadian comedian also got out of his car and ran to help the cop talk to the guy.

After an hour, and not thinking too much about it, since I was nowhere near that bridge anyway, they reported they had talked the young man down and were taking him to the hospital. Eh, I guess that's that and really I haven't thought about it at all until today when they had the comedian on a radio show talking about what had happened.

Without to much in details, basically the young man was at his wits end and had decided it was his only way out. I started to get emotional when the comedian started breaking down on the radio, basically stopping mid sentence to get a grip while he was recounting how he had also been there when he was a young man, that he had stood on a bridge and was ready to end it. He had left a goodbye letter which his dad had found and had hurried out and jumped in his car to find him on a bridge and talked him down by telling him he loved him and there was no problem they couldnt get over together.

The guilt of my initial reaction I had a few days earlier started hitting me like a punch to the face, my eyes got watery and I was on the verge of crying. And then he said something that just broke my heart, I couldnt hold back the tears. Some people were actually rolling down their windows and yelling &quot;jump already!&quot; from the frustration of being stuck in traffic. I just couldn't believe how a person could do that, how pathetic his or her life must be. I felt the guilt of my initial reaction hit me like a ton of bricks and keep asking myself, was I not any better? To make things worse the guy kept telling the officer and the comedian how he was sorry for blocking the bridge and causing traffic, but they kept telling him not to think about it and that his life is precious.

I try to be a good person, I try to give and spread as much happiness as I can. I mean, Im no saint and god knows Ive done some shitty things, but how can anyone be so cruel? Im floored right now.

Sorry for the LJ post, writing about it is easier than talking about it, and I just need to let it out I guess.
Well since it's been quite a few pages since I last posted, here's a new angle. Also known as BC 09 swimsuit preview!
AWESOME site. Watch the vid with the Ukranian &quot;weight-lifting&quot; team!
No, you cant.
It'll be a nice day when the police can actually investigate into crimes so that criminals can't use legal loopholes to prevent investigation, and when police are non-biased enough to get a complete picture of a case before attempting a conviction.  Too many cops try to act like judges and fake the evidence.
 Wasn't all this on a episode of X-Files? Don't take the nanobees its experimental alien technology!    It's still really goddamn cool.  
I HATE THE CRISIS CENTER'S NETWORK SO MUCH I HATE WHEN SHIT DOESN'T WORK AND I HAVE TO GO THROUGH OVER 1,000 ENTRIES IN A BOOK FUCK UGHHHHHHHHHH
Well, the Netherlands are not only a part of the EU, they're also in Schengen Agreement, meaning that travel between the Netherlands and a whole host of other awesome European countries is totally unrestricted. 

Here's how our citizenship would work:

1. When we go over, we don't automatically become citizens.  We're there as Americans conducting business on a visa.  We pay taxes to the Netherlands, etc. etc., but in the end, we're just as American as everyone still living here.

2. IF I manage to get German citizenship through my German-born father (whose parents renounced his citizenship when they moved here in the 1950s) then I POTENTIALLY lose my American citizenship, but Shawn could keep his with no problem, and the kids would be dual citizens of both Germany and America without issue, since I was technically &quot;always&quot; a German citizen, including when I had them, and Shawn was American.

3. If that all falls through, and we manage to live in the Netherlands long enough to naturalize, we are required to give up being American in order to do that. All of us, even the kiddos.
When Obama's socialism comes into effect on Oct 1st, will everyone have access to all of the FOPs?
I actually kind of dig that dress. I agree that holiday sparkles are usually cheesy but I feel like sequins are kind of in right now? However I do think it is pretty provocative. I think the look would really depend on how you accessorized it.
It will be hard to beat RE4. RE5 had a great, immersive opening act, really used the African setting and the &quot;Blackhawk Down&quot; tone to great effect, had some really memorable and well-designed boss fights, and the combat system was improved over 4, but it was missing a certain something. I think a lot of it was that RE4 dragged the third-person action-adventure genre ahead in time like five years all at once. It was so well executed that it felt like a game that shouldn't exist yet - how do you not follow that up with something that has a certain aura of disappointment?

But whatever. I WANT TO SHOOT ZOMBIE PRESIDENT AND UNRAVEL THE WEB OF LIES AND WATCH MUTANTS MELT
I just want to say that I'm also glad that I actually displayed some kind of wisdom for once and didn't turn this person's name over to the vegeance-thirsty hordes.  How often do I actually handle something sensibly?  This might be the first time.  Let's see... which flag best embodies &quot;sucking my own dick&quot;?  
If you don't have Fievel as being in charge, then you obviously haven't seen Castellari's Law. 


(0:44)
Oh my heavens!
YEAH I'M A REAL PRETTY PRINCESS

I WAS EVEN NICER WITH TEETH

BURNED MY EYEBROWS OFF AT A METH COOK AND NO MORE VOGUE COVERS FOR ME  BEHOLD YON STAR, BURNING AS THOUGH THE HEAVENS THEMSELVES WOULD BE SET ALIGHT! 

IT IS A PORTENT    NO SORRY THAT'S A AIRPLANE  
  
  
 No matter who you're saying it to, &quot;stupid nigger&quot; is never okay.  

which is, y'know, why I don't say it.
I'M IN YOUR HEAD, MAN!
I remember finding this one website a while ago for a company that built underground acrylic domes. The domes were actually big enough to fit a normal-ish size house. Crazy thing was that they had plans for a dome big enough to fit a sports field and a bunch of small domes and cylinders big enough to fit thousands of people and grow stuff. Hello &quot;Little Leaguer&quot; Perk! +5 melee and exlposives
Speaking of D&amp;D... writing up a manual for playing AD&amp;D in a given campaign with given house rules, assuming the players know nothing about 2nd edition and including an overview of the campaign world.  (And the nerdiest part of that is the campaign setting. When I go pseudohistorical, I'm planning on making it historical enough for my history major housemate to like it.)  
I practice SittingOnJapsFaces-Jitsu.
I wish nerds would learn the difference between &quot;random&quot; and &quot;spontaneous&quot;.



spon&#183;ta&#183;ne&#183;ous
&amp;#8194; &amp;#8194;/sp&amp;#594;n&amp;#712;te&amp;#618;ni&amp;#601;s/ Show Spelled
&#8211;adjective
1.
coming or resulting from a natural impulse or tendency; without effort or premeditation; natural and unconstrained; unplanned: a spontaneous burst of applause.
2.
(of a person) given to acting upon sudden impulses. 



ran&#183;dom
&amp;#8194; &amp;#8194;/&amp;#712;r&#230;nd&amp;#601;m/ Show Spelled
&#8211;adjective
1.
proceeding, made, or occurring without definite aim, reason, or pattern: the random selection of numbers. 

It's not &quot;I randomly got up and went for a walk&quot;. It's, &quot;I spontaneously got up and went for a walk.&quot;

Learn the difference!


Come outta that tunnel boy, let's look at you.
so I've been sick on and off for most of this winter and am currently trying to fight off a really persistent productive cough, which is getting super frustrating because I can't do cardio if I can't breathe.

the good news is, I can still do a mile in under 10 minutes on moderate incline and resistance.  

the bad news is that I can't go more than about a mile because of the terrible coughing fits. urgh. I really wanted to be back to doing 2-3 miles a day by the end of the month and I'm barely doing that much in a week. this shit in my lungs needs to get the hell out.
How can anybody call all soda &quot;Coke&quot;? There's no such thing as orange Coke! What about Mt Dew? That's not Coke!

I'd like to present exhibit B to the jury...
You have to be careful when you use that stuff to wash your clothes.
i lurv strippers.  I never go unless I got a couple hundred in my pocket.  Errybody in da club gettin tips.
Grape Gatorade!
Yay! I came on here to make sure he had a birthday thread even though I'm a day late. :( Glad Liz is on top of it!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY AGAIN, RYAN! We love and miss you! &lt;3
She has a great upper body, something is wrong with her hips and thighs.
I was reading just this afternoon that male bonobos have a greater chance of finding a mate if they're accompanied by their mothers. Too bad this doesn't work too well with humans. It does prove, though, that women can wingmen for guys.
I got a face-full of squirt for the first time ever!
Personally, I think masturbating doggy-style on webcam deserves some I.O.U. membership. I don't know. Just a thought. Throwing out some ideas. Cough.
It is not love until you are both comfortable taking a dump in front of each other.  Maybe even holding a conversation.
reading the entire run of 'beauty is the beast' instead of doing my homework wasn't the best idea.


I don't even LIKE shojo manga!
I'm not talking about gamers (or consumers), I'm talking about shit like industry analysts and so forth.
I'M INTRIGUED

I avoided clicking on this thread for a couple days and see now that my initial instinct was correct
 www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KKnyAgTa3U PS:  U.S. Army done it in the Ford Administration: 
  
 www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FM3Z2NEowo     
UR DERAILING MY THREAD LIEK OMG! 

I don't care. we're talking about Nazi Dog Armies here after all

How interesting you posted this article, because in a book I'm reading a chapter deals with the possibilities of telepathy, and in the book there were numerous chapters written about animal telepaths.  
  
 One example cited was wonder horse Clever ...

Also, I haven't read the book, so for all I know the author made use of biased sources (i.e. party propaganda or controlled newspapers). It would be interesting to see what sorts of government documents or personal interviews he was able to secure. 

Anyway, glad it hit something with your studies. Haven't really studied it much in depth except for being surprised to hear that dogs are able to sense when their owners are going to have seizures or that story about the cat that would curl besides people who were going to pass away in a nursing home. On the subject of military animals I remember back when I was doing an essay on cruise missile technology that I discovered they were training birds to peck at sensors that would direct missiles toward their targets. 

The Nazis, however take the cake for weird projects. Oh yeah, best part of the article

And Don, a German pointer, is said to have imitated a human voice to bark, &quot;Hungry! Give me cakes!&quot; in German.
Nazi dog soldiers just want delicious cake


if that is true marronsan the bodies must be piling up =)
beastin gainst cancer

 Anyone else here play on the  servers? I'm usually playing on the payload extreme server  

I'll hop on there every now and then, but I'm usually in the myTF2.com servers these days. And by these days, I mean any time I'm not actively doing something else.
Well, the bandages seem to be pretty good cure alls in the 360 version, but still. I call bullshit. It's nice that someone's trying to give shooty games some positive publicity, but there's got to be a more credible way.
Yeah, that's a good way to wake up, that is.


 Devi is some hot ass shit! I had no idea she was so fucking ADORABLE.  

See what you miss when you go away?
The Neverhood and Comander Keen


/thread

So what exactly was this picture all about?  Did Rizu punch you in the balls again or something?
My Mom posted on Facebook about my brother being &quot;her favorite son&quot; and I replied joking that I was tired of being an afterthought. She told me to not be &quot;JELLY&quot; because I was obviously &quot;her favorite daughter&quot;

Jelly.

My Mom said Jelly. On Facebook. Her slang cracks me up.  My Dad calls his Facebook profile his &quot;website&quot;. He also thinks that when he sees something on his news feed, that people are &quot;posting on his site.&quot; So when someone posts something that he disagrees with, he says &quot;Why would they put that on my site?!&quot;

My mom is the opposite -- She thinks that posting on her status is the same as posting on my wall. She gets really upset if she posts a status or picture and I don't see it right away. I try to explain to her how to tag me in it so I get a notification but she just can't comprehend.  
Sounds like the next energy drink. Better go patent that.
 I am going to punt my sewing machine. It has always been pretty crappy, but I've been making it work for the past 6 years. Today, when I want to make a gift that needs to go in the mail ASAP it decided to totally crap out.  

Isn't that when they always crap out, when you need them most? Hope it stops being dumb for you!
Ok, I know for a fact that this was an episode of &quot;The Famous Jett Jackson&quot; on the Disney channel a few years back. How come whenever people talk about banning books, F451 always is the example?
seriously dont
Well I had the Infiniti (2002 g20 sport) and I have a Mazda b2600i (the one with camo).
 Now I have an 1982 280zx.
I got an ice cream maker attachment for my KitchenAid! Oh I'm in trouble now.

So I made my first batch with it, a straight french vanilla custard style, and it's delicious, but the egg flavor is really strong. The recipe called for 8 yolks but I used 6 because I had jumbo eggs, they were fresh that day too. Seriously some giant-ass eggs. I wonder if I'm using these eggs should I use fewer or will that affect the batch?
 On hold with Citibank...trying to close my account. Why? I apparently haven't used my account in so long (since all the branches near me closed) that they are going to put my money in the state fund. UHM HELL NO I want my $200 dammit.  

thats fucked up! I hope you get your $$ back.
All of a sudden im getting a shitload of profile views, and it's honestly kind of freaking me out. I feel like the new animal at the zoo.

I probably should stop complaining..
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF

WE SUCK FOR FORGETTING!  ;_;


HAPPY BIRTHDAY LINDZE!!!
Getting paid to watch others work is nice, but very boring and I am starting to feel slightly useless. I hope that I can get some real work to do soon.
Great shit. Fucking hilarious, full of Hollywood injokes, and the story plays out well. Badass movie.

Also, as far as I'm concerned, Jay Baruchel steals his scenes with Black and Stiller, which is rad because 1) he's the straight man and 2) who the fuck knew he was in this movie at all?

OMG that's so hot HMM!

I totally orgasmed to it
Happy birthday Viv and Viv Funny Faces!
I'm still wondering that. I got convinced to sign up last week. I haven't had anything useful or funny come from it. What a jip.

You should ask them for a refund.

I'm seriously thinking about trolling the DC get-together, as it's at the pirate-themed bar/grill up the road from my digs. The guy putting it together is an utter nutjob.
 Besides the fact that you could burn the 10 games that were worth playing with a regular CD burner.  

I think you answered your own question.
Nomad, I thought that was called a candycane.  Or maybe thats a florida thing.
I only watched a minute and made the D: face the whole time
If I'm still in pain in the junk area on Thursday, I'm calling the doctor back and scheduling a fucking laproscopy. 

I'm so tired of feeling shitty and being in pain. I don't have a damn STD, and there's no fucking reason beside MAYBE the Yaz for me to still be bleeding and in this much pain.

Also, wtf test today.
I hate you.
Last night was WTF-tastic.

Fun times.
Oh man a thunderstorm is rolling in too.  What a fucking mess.  I was going to send my friend out of town via 35W- at 6 pm when it collapsed.  He could have been on that bridge.  Thankfully, he took 35E.
Your Android experience sounds pretty atypical.
Yyyyyeessss. It grows.
:D
I had a dream a few weeks ago where I was back in Philly, and I had convinced a bunch of local OB members to go on the Ride The Ducks tour with me. Arden, Phil, Stephy, Jamie (who I don't think I've ever even met?) are the only people I can specifically remember, but about 1/3 of the crowd was OB. For those who don't know, its a tour through the historic part of the city in a bus that looks like a boat... then you drive down a ramp into the river and SPLASH it actually functions as a boat and you float around for awhile. I worked here for a few months in 2009.

Well as the bus is about to leave the depot, I jump up into the front seat all &quot;TA-DA, I'M ACTUALLY MOVED BACK, I TOOK MY OLD JOB!&quot; And I start giving my ridiculously bad tour. All the jokes are terrible and I don't remember half of the shit I'm supposed to be pointing out. Everyone was of course rowdy as fuck with the quack whistles they give out, so all the Non-OB people had a horrible time and didn't tip me. None of you fucks tipped me either, actually.

On a side note there was one random member aboard that wasn't from the local crew: Gavin. WTF?!
f you're okay with the kind of nutty flavour soy has, I know there's a GNC unflavoured soy powder that's probably the least offensive. Straight up knox gelatin comes in at number 2 of the ones I've tried. I've also been recommended Optimum Nutrition...

Agreed on the Optimum Nutrition.  In my opinion, along with many other bodybuilding sites, it is by far the best protein available out there. 

Also, if you ever find yourself feeling somewhat under the weather or just too lazy to workout on some days, try No explode or Nano vapor (combination of NO2, Creatine and caffeine). Trust me it will MAKE YOU go to the gym even if weren't feeling it at first, and if you force yourself not to go to the gym after that then your body will force you to run 10 miles in circles around your own living room.
yeah comparing msnbc and fox is very funny with energy levels and excitement haha

They're acting like nice girls so they don't get fired.
Hey, Jim? Getting overly defensive and spazzing out like that never helps one's case. Especially when Pat's just doing what Pat does. Chill out.
When i was on depo/nuvaring/the pill and was in a long term monogamous relationship i let them cum in me. though one was paranoid.

but remember that most HIV tests to my knowledge are only accurate as to six months ago. So you want to get tested, wait six months, then get tested again. then you're sure to be clean.
a guy was lifting very small weights. then he was posing in the mirror. 

then another guy came in and asked if he needed any help.  just googled &quot;gravity's rainbow porn&quot; to great disappointment

  
Wow. All it takes to win the Nobel Peace Prize these days is to say that peace is good and not be Bush.

He's holding on to extraordinary renditions, he hasn't gotten rid of Don't Ask Don't Tell, he's renewing the Patriot Act... And he'd only been in office for ten days before the nomination deadline.

Like Jon Stewart said: &quot;Change you can't fucking believe.&quot;
Clearly I need to be more explicit.  To amend my previous post:

So this kid (who went out of his way, unexpectedly to have sex with me!  I think this is cool) actually made me beg him to cum the other night.  After letting me stammer for a bit, he rammed into me and told me he was gonna &quot;breed&quot; me.  This is a kid, who, the first time we hooked up, told me he was pretty vanilla.  He's full of fun surprises.

Better?
&quot;I woke up and saw my brother running with a note on the door that said 'call a doctor'&quot;


PS: p.s. Chicks fighting is way better than chicks making out

Hey, Pam. Wanna fight?

Heeeeeeeeell no.
Thank god.  For a moment there I was worried I'd have to read about people eating flies.
HAppy birthday!!!!!
If you rooted for Light in Death Note.
 Kobayashi to take on chestnut at high noon on ESPN.  

Joey &quot;The Jaws&quot; Chestnut was the only man in recent history to come close to beating Kobayashi. He was a Goddamned American Hero.

The only thing that genuinely pisses me off about this injury of his is that he is now retired as the champion. He can no longer be truly usurped.

Competitive eating really will never be the same :(  
JOEY &quot;THE JAWS&quot; BEAT KOBAYASHI BY THREE DOGS!

Kobayashi had the injury, but still: He fucking brought it, and America takes home the title!  
Got a particularly upsetting one from some weeaboo chick several weeks ago.  Was long as hell.  Here's the paragraph that I found most distressing:

&lt;----is a dreamer and a romanticist. Loves to spoil and fangirl. Once spent a date, with another girl, fangirling over how hot Howl's (from Howl's Moving Castle) ass was. Probably one of the best dates of my life. My ideal date probably involves watching Deathnote and fawning over the fact that both of them are the ultimate sex. And don't forget Near (YES NEAR IS COOL!). Mmmm. Near. Pedobait. *__* And then maybe going out to dinner and doing some LARP as we eat. Nerdy dates FTW!

God I hate anime lesbians.  My face after reading this:


 God I hate Florida.  

I think we found a new place to nuke!
As far as Weird Al goes I prefer &quot;Since You've Been Gone.&quot;

I was thinking more along this end:

Castlevania Simon's quest. Sure it sparked my love for the series but that game was retardedly difficult.
I miss mine.
Well shit!  That's fucked the hell up.

The only real bright side to this is in about a week his name will be peaches and he'll be worn out like hand-me-downs in an Amish family.

I hope they give him the business, fucking shitheel.
I won't fall victim to your gambling scams Mr. Galactica!

Sike, I'm in. I'll give it a whirl. Just help me out as we go!
Newest edition of my family!

Hey name is Voltron because all of her legs are different colors.
Surprised Xantar didn't beat me to this.
This is neat!
New shorts!
Lin

Hello there sexy.
HAHAHAHAHA
 One of the things that (pleasantly) surprised me after 9/11 was we didn't have American Muslims being drug out in the street by mobs.

No, nobody was hauled off to detention camps on foreign shores and subject to torture, and denied due process because of accusations of association with terrorist groups...

...oh, wait.
thanks :)
Main outfit:  Old DC skater shoes, light blue jeans, &quot;Daakusaido&quot; t-shirt

Spare outfit:  Black Sith robes

Accessories:  Lightsaber, Nerf gun, The Tube of Knowledge

Special feature:  Pull-string activated &quot;Fun Star Wars fact&quot; voice clips (over 100 random bits of trivia!)
who has the pictures where everyone posed with Ulyth in the bowling alley?
Dude, you crazy. Teeth are what make the blowjob. And dry. Like a desert.
Future style is neccessary.  You should show us your own tin foil underwear.  You will need it when the Nuclear Holocaust of 2015 happens.
You've been a COLOSSAL asshole the last couple of days and I don't know what crawled up your ass and bit you in the stomach but you need to get the fuck over it. I didn't do a damn thing to you and don't deserve in the LEAST bit to be treated this way and I'm WAY past the days where I tolerate people's bullshit because they're supposedly my friend.

Either you fucking get over it or you get the fuck out of my life. You choose.
I love you so fucking much, Duck.
It's like porno without the malware.
That's NOT blasphemy. Watching it tomorrow on Hulu, or even scifi.com is totally legit.

But like, I paid money for Cable TV specifically for shit like this. I'm gonna fucking get my money's worth.
If you ask a woman for her number and she says her phone is broken, I'm gonna take that as a sign to cut my losses and move on.
Whenever Torro posts FOPS, I get happy. I love them all.
Drunken dwarf style.

Who loves monkeys?
Really, guys?  I know it's Pee Chat, but you should still know the proper usages of &quot;your&quot; and &quot;you're.&quot;  I'm a pretty shitty poster, but COME ON.
I am afraid of you.
and so it begins...
I'm just interested in seeing it hit the public market.. Miniature HARDcoat, anyone?

  How you should read it.

    Starfire said:
    wakka wakka wakka wakka 
 

I don't think I am able to unhear this suggestion. Starfire's posts just got 1000x better.
Raspberry yogurt. I want a breakfast sandwich :-(
It's still a long way off to be thinking 2012, but I agree Jeb needs to stay away.
Use an air popper. It doesn't burn the popcorn and it's not overly drenched in butter.
Why do I keep watching the Bleach anime even though the filler frustrates me?
SHAVE
It'd be a lot easier to ask me what I haven't cried at, TBH. I cry at fucking everything. I'm tearing up right now just reading all the entries in this thread. 
  

Basically ever other episode of Doctor Who. I thought the ending of the second season (first with Tennant) was bad until the last three or four episodes of the season with Donna. I almost had to call off work.
the Kimchi dogs at passenger are fucking amazing

i'll go for everything too for the same reasons. or if i'm somewhere with a particular regional variation i'll generally at least one like that. 

if i'm making them at home i love saurkraut, onions, mustard, and if i'm feeling extra belligerent chili and cheese.

or i like a good italian style with fried potatoes, onions, and peppers.
Dolled myself up to go somewhere fun. It ended up being Walmart.
ahahahaha, both the letter and the use of the word Randy amused me.
tron 2
I don't hear it at all. Very loosely related synth riff at the beginning, but nowhere near enough for grounds of this lawsuit.

Who's this Damon Albarn guy Eddy is talkign about?  Maybe he should be pointing fingers at Noodle.
Naw man, Mudoc's pulling the strings with this one. The real Noodles is MIA right now anyway, the one on Plastic Beach is just an android Murdoc built.
It looks suitable to travel to the top of Everest.
 Aww &amp;lt;3 You guys are sweet! But I'm really not bummed out at all! After I got off the phone, I cried for like 5 minutes, then was totally cool. 
  
 However, it'd be totally funny if he was gay!  

DAMN IT! BUT I WAS JUST THERE! WE COULD HAVE MADE OUT GOD DAMN IT! &lt;333 Looooove yoooooou.
Fuuuuuuck!
If I wanted to see fat guys slap and push each other around, I'd watch Jerry Springer.
Q for Mod.
Well nuts.  This was looking fun.

Have you tried the Marvel one that just came out yet?
Kanchi, you're such a whore.
Okay, let me bust out the crayola edits.  Nobody here (I assumed THAT would be assumed) is denying the right-leaning bias.  I mean, it seems like everyone else got the point I was making there. 
  
 And no, you're avoiding the point that you ...

My point was more people take Beck seriously than they do Franken, which makes for a very different outlook of their viewpoints in whatever media outlet they happen to be in.

The point for those who need it is simple:  Beck gets a LOT more attention being on Fox News than Franken does or did doing what he did best, which was comedy.  

I don't think Franken's a bad guy, I was saying, ironically enough, that Beck gets more eyeballs media-wise and apparently that triggered you to do--whatever it is you're doing.

Beck's a stronger commentator than he is a comedian, and as a commentator he's stronger than Franken as a comic, which is most likely stronger that Franken as a political pundit.  That's where the difference of perception comes in.  Beck's better known as a commentator, Franken's better known as a comic.
So it is written, so shall we carry out your will.
Yeah, Lisa I'd be totally annoyed as well. I think the idea of &quot;getting&quot; someone a job, especially when you just started, can be very frustrating when you have to face that the person isn't qualified. You can't tell your sister that... and if you vouch for her and she fails, that reflects negatively on you.

I think you could mildly refer her, just going as far as to steer her in the direction of the application process. Then let the hiring manager see if she has what she needs to do to job. 

You really need to focus on your new employment and not worry about her. 

Congratulations too!!
Happy Birthday to a wonderful person!  Seriously, love you, bro.  Also, fuck you.  Eat cake.
Next game level released.
I have no idea on this one at all. It probably doesn't help that I don't have any headphones.
I love putting salt on watermelon, thats probably the weirdest thing. I eat other stuff that people think is weird, but THEY'RE THE FREAKS.
Is this countdown time til the next? Will Phil get the &quot;Friends&quot; Story again? HOW AWESOME IS THIS GUY?! Tune in next time for the unraveling story, this SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY~!  I really hope she's not a psycho and is very good to you.  
Yoda should never have appeared in the prequels. He should have been referred to only as &quot;the Jedi Master who trains young Jedi on the world of Dagobah&quot; or something, so his first appearance is in Empire.

Then if you watch the movies chronologically, they will have set up the mystery of Yoda for several films, so when you finally see this &quot;great warrior&quot; is a tiny lizard man, it would have even more impact.

Yoda's appearance in the prequels is but one of many, many insults to the lingering mysteries of the original trilogy.  Things in movies that never needed to be explained:

Is Deckard a replicant?
Where does the red brick road go?
What was in the briefcase?
What does Bob whisper into Charlotte's ear at the end?
What were the Clone Wars?
What was the Kobiyashi Maru simulation and how exactly did Kirk reprogram it?
What do you do with the three seashells?

Stop feeling the need to explain everything. Make something good, then make like Bill Watterson and move the fuck on.

  
Oh shit, someone invite Donald Glover to OB.


Also, I was really into Sailor Moon as a kid, so that was pretty nerdy. I loved Sailor Mars. That was my thing. You know that weird teenage thing where you kind of dabble in, &#8220;What if you could make a cartoon real? Maybe she could be my girlfriend.&#8221; It was sadness.


If Soundwave isn't completely awesome, I will eviscerate myself in the theatre.
Please stay away from my theater.

 I'm going to masturbate so much in the theater.
But you're all right.

HOly shit just when I thought I was finished, I get more photos from Plumis.  SHE IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CUTE!!
I've already bid on the actual item on Jake's etsy store.
Peter David novels generally aren't very good. The concept starts out interesting, but ends like some of the worst fanfic imaginable. For example, Q-Squared in the ST:TNG universe. It started out interesting where it managed to blend 3 universes in an interesting way, but the end just got downright ridiculous. The complete temporal existence of 3 universes came down to a fencing match between Captain Picard and a god-like being?! REALLY?!

I'm not sure what made me pick it up but Confessions of a Shopaholic made me physically angry. With every turned page, I found myself resisting the urge to ball my fist and shout, &quot;you dumb cunt!&quot; with each paragraph and every turned page mad...
Did they turn that into a movie? If so, it was equally horrible.
  
  
 I don't think that. I was being facetious. Everyone knows anal sex is way worse then pedophilia. God.  

And like I said in av chat.  Shut up.
Cancer causes cancer
Seriously I'm nervous about so many things right now I'm so tired of feeling like this all the time.
we love you Eileen!!!!
  
 I am not a lady. Can I wear that shit?  

If I say &quot;Bet you won't,&quot; it means you have to, right?
Oh man, Conan wants to bring HOWARD STERN onto the Tonight Show!  Holy shit, that would be pretty fucking HUGE!!  Too bad Stern has phobias about planes though, but I think he might do it!  Stern hates NBC more than any other tv/radio personality out there, and he especially hates Jay Leno for stealing his jokes.
Thanks, everyone~
The guys over in Sterling are definitely having an all-nighter.  Their coffee pot is probably pulling triple duty.  They've been passing tropical storm warning updates about once every 2 hours, and it'll probably be once an hour tomorrow.

Of course, I'm sure the forecasters in Charleston, Wilmington, Mooreshead City, and other WFO's in Hanna's path are all doing the same.

Here's the top portion of the latest one I got (relevant to the storm; the rest is local stuff):

WTUS81 KLWX 060631 CCA
HLSLWX

URGENT - IMMEDIATE BROADCAST REQUESTED
TROPICAL STORM HANNA LOCAL STATEMENT...CORRECTED
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE BALTIMORE MD/WASHINGTON DC
231 AM EDT SAT SEP 6 2008

...CENTER OF TROPICAL STORM HANNA ABOUT TO MAKE LANDFALL...

AT 200 AM EDT...THE CENTER OF TROPICAL STORM HANNA WAS LOCATED
JUST OFFSHORE NEAR LATITUDE 33.3 NORTH...LONGITUDE 78.8 WEST. THIS
IS ABOUT 30 MILES SOUTH OF MYRTLE BEACH SOUTH CAROLINA...OR ABOUT
400 MILES SOUTH OF WASHINGTON DC.

HANNA IS MOVING TOWARD THE NORTH-NORTHEAST NEAR 21 MPH. THIS
MOTION IS EXPECTED TO CONTINUE DURING THE NEXT SEVERAL HOURS WITH
A GRADUAL TURN TO THE NORTHEAST AND AN INCREASE IN FORWARD SPEED
TODAY AND TOMORROW. ON THE FORECAST TRACK...THE CENTER OF HANNA
WILL MAKE LANDFALL NEAR THE BORDER BETWEEN SOUTH CAROLINA AND
NORTH CAROLINA WITHIN THE NEXT COUPLE OF HOURS...THEN MOVE ACROSS
EASTERN NORTH CAROLINA LATER THIS MORNING...ALONG THE MID ATLANTIC
COAST LATER TODAY AND TONIGHT.

MAXIMUM SUSTAINED WINDS ARE NEAR 70 MPH...WITH HIGHER GUSTS.
ALTHOUGH NO SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN STRENGTH IS FORECAST BEFORE
LANDFALL OF THE CENTER IN SOUTH OR NORTH CAROLINA...IT WOULD ONLY
TAKE A SMALL INCREASE IN WIND SPEED FOR HANNA TO BECOME A
HURRICANE. WEAKENING IS EXPECTED AFTER LANDFALL AND HANNA SHOULD
BECOME AN EXTRATROPICAL STORM BY EARLY SUNDAY.

TROPICAL STORM FORCE WINDS EXTEND OUTWARD UP TO 260 MILES...
415 KM MAINLY TO THE NORTH AND EAST OF THE CENTER.

THE LATEST MINIMUM CENTRAL PRESSURE REPORTED BY AN AIR FORCE
RECONNAISSANCE AIRCRAFT WAS 983 MB...29.03 INCHES.

DCZ001-MDZ007-011-013-014-016&gt;018-VAZ052&gt;055-057-070645-
/O.CON.KLWX.TR.W.1008.000000T0000Z-000000T0000Z/
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA-HARFORD-SOUTHERN BALTIMORE-PRINCE GEORGES-
ANNE ARUNDEL-CHARLES-ST. MARYS-CALVERT-
PRINCE WILLIAM/MANASSAS/MANASSAS PARK-FAIRFAX-
ARLINGTON/FALLS CHURCH/ALEXANDRIA-STAFFORD-KING GEORGE-
231 AM EDT SAT SEP 6 2008
(Caps is not mine)
I normally don't bother with reading recaps and shit but I always look forward to Grantland's:  I'm going to go drink in my closet and practice tying a noose.  

Can I join the party?



---

If I end up having to work at this Wal-Mart, I *will* off myself.
One of my kids from camp...I just found this picture after I thought I lost it! Yay!
I've been watching some TOS on my own. This is the first time I've ever really watched TOS. Its a bit campy, but enjoyable.
I actually switched from xbox to PS3 for netflix because it never remembered which episodes i've watched or updated my instant queue unless I did it from the website
 my dick  


That's what that is?  It's so small I couldn't tell.
Decoy, wow. 
Just amazingly gorgeous.
I have hung out with and ENJOYED myself with furries. They even made me arts! Granted, I didn't know they were furries at the time, but given the chance I'd do it again. 

Can top that. Dated one!
no, but i'd totally hit his fake account!
I'm sure most of you on the East Coast watched this - but for those of you who missed it, and those of you living in other time zones, here's a breakdown of the action.

PS:  If you want something with an actual modicum of information on the XBox 360, watch this video.  It's a PR piece from Microsoft but they show off the system specs, hardware, glimpses of the new version of Live, and more
Motherfuckers, on top of getting our budgets cut about 15%, you're furloughing us too?  Why don't you rich sumbitches take a week unpaid vacations instead of screwing people just above minimum wage out of their groceries and job security?
Guys I'm really excited about this month! I think I'm half done. :)
When you get up to get a drink, trip over a chair, and put it back in place.  Then, on the way back, you trip over it again.  You put it back where it's supposed to be and proceed back to your seat...only to trip over the same chair a third time.
Ha! Man lost job! Look like joke on him!
Hey, lord knows I try!
And it's a toss up on what is funnier;  &quot;U is homo&quot; or &quot;dun nok it if yah havint trid it&quot;
It's simple: yokel midwest states can't figure out that pro-choice != pro-abortion.

But giving people a choice would be that pesky freedom thing rearing it's head again. Go go Jesusland, indeed!
While it may seem naive, I genuinely hope that there is no racial backlash from this horrific tragedy. The fact that a foreign government would even have to preface a statement of condolence in hopes of abetting racial tension is disappointing.


:( Like I didn't hate koreans enough already...


Although this is only one voice in many, maybe this is why S.Korea's Foreign Ministry decided to make a statement.

  I didn't meant sg specifically, but comments like that in general.  
Useless bitch Alysha came in to work today after she &quot;quit&quot; yesterday.  She was talked out of it.  She got demoted, then quit for real this time.  Shit was hilarious

Met up with one of my ex-coworkers at the bar in the mall.  I think the bartender was gay for me.  Another friend showed up a bit later and I paid for everyone, including appetizers and it somehow only came out to $30 with a NICE tip.

Saw Crank 2 right after that, an amazing movie to see when you've been drinking.  Godzilla spoof, another even better public sex scene, and just endless adrenaline rush.

Picked up some games for the 360 on the way out of the mall.  Great start to the weekend  Oh, and &quot;Mandatory Metallica&quot; on the radio on the drive home.

Fight Fire with Fire
Damage Inc.
Of Wolf in Man

Perfect fucking day    Of wolf and man*.  
Yeah, I know I'm behind, but I just finished Miracle Day.

I had mixed feelings about it, but overall I enjoyed it. I'm glad I got to marathon it, because if I were watching it week-to-week, I think I would've been much less tolerant of its flaws.

One of my biggest complaints was that Jack was gay. JACK IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE GAY. HE'S PANSEXUAL. I feel like maybe this was dumbed down for the American audience, and that makes me super sad.

One of the best things about the show was the plot. The pacing was rubbish, but the plot itself was pretty good. It was certainly unique. I'm not entirely sure how Jack's blood changed the planet's morphic field when supposedly there's nothing special about his blood, but whatever. It also seems to have changed Rex into an immortal, so maybe they're saying that the TARDIS energy has infused his blood and given it certain properties, or something. But apart from that, I really enjoyed it. I liked how deep they got into the socioeconomic reactions to Miracle Day, and it was definitely a more thoughtful show than I was expecting.
If we're going the liefeld route, I would have to throw in Shatterstar.   He's from Mojo world, has a shockwave power I don't think I ever saw him use, and he has swords. 
 
 
 There's also always Rocket Racer. No powers but he's got a skateboard that can do stuff...
Because Laphroaig actually does taste like a tree.
I love to color.
You are a good man and deserve a nice hug. Someone needed to say it.
 
  
 The easiest way may be to tell you about one girl who does it the most so here's a cool story, bro. I first taught R in elementary school, where there was a uniform - a brown unisex jacket, brown slacks for the guys and brown skirt for the gir...

Bumping to follow up on this!

R has started wearing the boys' winter uniform during normal school days. The administration/teachers aren't crazy about it, but I get the sense it's less because of a specific aversion to her dressing for the wrong gender and more because it's a general uniform violation. It gets about the same degree of attention that girls wearing colored cardigans over their uniform gets - some teachers get on them to change; most don't care or gave up a while ago. (Either way, Japanese teachers can't really do much for discipline if the kid hasn't done anything illegal.) They did get her back into the girls' uniform for today's graduation ceremony, but it was the first time I'd seen her wear it in months.

Unfortunately she's also gone yankii. After today's ceremony was over, she changed, along with the rest of her friends, into tokkofuku (the brightly-colored, kanji-covered uniforms you see gang kids wearing in anime sometimes); naturally, hers was a distinctly male outfit. This would make for a pretty good second-rate shoujo manga plot but unfortunately real-life yankii aren't really cool so much as they're just the most annoying people in the entire world.
A friend told me that another friend of ours' cousin's cart fell off of a rollercoaster ten or so years ago.  I never dared ask him, but I know it was a huge rumor back home.
Wow, how scary.  Did they put you on bed rest forever or what?  I hope the rest of your pregnancy is better!
Oh, wait.

It's because I haven't finished EBA:WC's Hare Hare Yukai skit yet.

Duh.
The problem with Beck is that he's swallowed his own Kool-Aid.
That totally screws up my life plan of marrying someone rich and divorcing them.

dammit.
I just made cookie dough for tonight's party.  Peanut butter with butter-toffee peanuts.
So funny in so many different ways.
The chance that I'm never going to speak to you again is rising. I hope you're ok with that. Something tells me you are. Fuck you.


So these um pictures......ive heard so much about.

If I show you this

Does that mean you show me that?

And it better be impressive damn it.


I believe it works something like that, or someone gets bored and randomly adds you.


I'd just set you on the amp and turn it to Eleven. then slam a couple sHeavy riffs through a Rick Bass.
Are you talking about the zombie virus spoof that's been online for ages?


Original article link :


CHECK OUT THAT HOT HOT IP ADDRESS FOR A URL.

You are a mongoloid.
Seems like a lot of people are coming back out of the woodwork lately.
 Hey AnimeOtakuShinobi do you know where People's Plaza is in Bear, DE?  

Hai, I know People's Plaza, I usually hit up the movie theater there often.  It's right on Route 40, past the intersection with 896, as if you're heading towards Elkton, MD (note: if you pass the MD state line, turn around!!!).  You can Google it for more specific directions.

 rolls eyes 
 My biggest problem with martial arts is 10 year old black belts. If you get your blackbelt in two years. I'd say you dont know wtf your doing.  

I agree that the child black belt thing is a problem, mainly propagated by the overcommercialization of martial arts via &quot;McDojo's&quot;.  In Ninpo, most instructors don't teach children (some won't instruct people unless they are high school age or 18).  Those that do teach kids usually go by an abridged curriculum, which is meant to prepare them for the adult program, so a youth black belt would be equal more or less to a mid-level non-Yudansha adult.

Funny thing about belts and such is that they are a recent addition to the martial arts world.  The traditional ryuha ranked people via a progressive certificate licensing method (e.g. shoden, chuden, okuden, menkyo kaiden), indicating various levels of mastership, as well as permission to transmit the art at the higher levels.
You're the one who seems to be under the impression that a full contact sport is supposed to be friendly and right neighborly. People (read: John and I) are agreeing with you that the hitting is getting bad, but you're arguing that we're not being extreme enough in our distaste in the path that hockey is taking.

You seem to want this pure, pristine sport where everybody shakes hands at the end of the game and nobody gets hurt and everybody ever gets into an argument over a play/call/on-ice incident. When you find this Utopian ice skating sport, let me know, because even in the Olympics, there were hits, people getting injured and scrums on the ice.
It's the twisted logic of the rich and powerful.
I have such a fuck surplus, I can't help but give them away!
I do a crazy weird raptor-like growl/screech anytime I take a looooong stretch. (This usually happens after I wake up from a nap or something.)
I thought, given the average quality of dubs nowadays (read: pure shit), it was decent. Not great, but it sounds good enough that there's some hope for it. I liked it well enough not to turn it off in the middle, which isn't common.
So, anyone manage to get a look at Cody Rhodes boots?

I noticed a triforce in some of the older pictures, these still there?  Anyone know a place where I can catch the Rumble?  Like any bars or places that will be showing it?  
This is probably the best picture of my Mia Wallace costume. Of course I'd be making an awful face.
I'm tOo drunk to even argue about Indiana Jones right now.  You're just lucky you weren't talking about Star Wars.  Otherwise there'd be a drunken rant in place of this.  Fuckin' Sergio.
Perhaps, I'm about as equally shocked that people actually drink PBR as I am that people across the nation smoke parliments. I thought only people from Philly and Jersey smoked parliments.
...am I missing something?  This is Heath Ledger.  He's just a B-list actor.  What the fuck is the big deal?  Sure, it's sad when a person dies...to people that KNOW him/her.  I'm fairly certain that nobody on OB was super close to Heath Ledger.

So is there some movie I don't know about that makes him a god or something?
I think you should just create an account and post the username/password and people can log in and create their own folders and upload their pictures in their own folder, seems it would be simpler like that!
That I actually enjoyed the movie Brink?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! &lt;3 Love you!
Dammit, why are you all on the East Coast? WHYYYYY?!!!!
indeed!
Peach is right.  You need balls to get noticed around here.
wow he busted out stars and stripes
Right click, save ass...
oh man, i would have bought this dood an ice cream cone.
this bums me out.
 John, which character name did you go with?  

I made a character on Byriel named Hedvika.  That's the character I'm working on most.  She's level 16 right now.  This game is an absolute blast.  I like the Vitality % decrease if you die (luckily it's fixable).  Gives you more of an incentive to, well... not die.

Questing has always been a hard area for MMO's to really make new or make their own.  I'm pleased with the questing system so far in this.  Yeah, it's still A) go gather this, or B) go kill this, or C) go active/destroy/defend this.  But, they do a good job at making it fun.  The universal Rift sealing quests are fun as hell to take part of.  I mean, that's a great idea.  A zone-wide quest that everyone can work on together.  That's awesome.  And why not do it?  You join a raid group with random people and destroy enemies to seal the rift, and you get great rewards for doing so.  All-in-all, if the game were just that, I'd still be having fun.  Definitely more community-building events in this game than most MMO's.  

I haven't had a chance to test out the PvP stuff yet, but I'm definitely looking forward to trying it out.  There are a LOT of great talents in the Warlock tree for fucking over people who attack you.  Fear, Slow, an ability that makes them take damage with each attack they do, a Leech Life ability that damages them and returns health to you, another DoT that deals shadow damage, the list goes on and on.  Combine all that with the Polymorph-like abilty that Dominators have and man, that's a nice cocktail.  

The invasion stuff is my only peeve.  It's really fun, but man it seems to happen a lot.  And you better have a group near you or with you, cause they will rape you ALIVE if you try to fuck with them.  Luckily, the invading forces are marked on your map so you can choose to steer clear of them if you want.  


And finally... THE CHICKEN DANCE.  That's right, the female Eth /chicken is Lindsay Bluth's chicken dance from Arrested Development.  Need I say more?
 Her last visit was a day ago, so she either won or he's wearing her skin and ate her brains to claim her knowledge and is using her account.  

It's like... you read my mind.
I want to get flowing, blonde extensions for June.. I want salon quality/glue-in, but I still want the ability to take it off.  I can't make decisions.
Hey why is there a red bucket in these photos? Were you building sand castles? Do they have a leaky roof? Is it like a brothel version of a spitoon?
I do?  More people need to come be offended by whats in this here thread  
Derp, I meant &quot;won't&quot; have visible cables. Typing fail!

Congrats on the cards Jamie, in both of the offices that I've worked, I'm the one who designs the cards and gets them printed for everyone... yet I've never had any myself :(
Okay, negativity.

Comedy is a tough thing to quantify, so anytime you recommend a comedic show to someone, even if it's really well-written and well-produced, the humor may just fall flat for that person. So I don't blame you for not liking The IT Crowd, even though I think it's hilarious. =)

I thought Primeval was a terrible show. It started out really strong, and it had MASSIVE potential that they then proceeded to totally squander with a weak vision and bad writing. Several of the episodes are good individually, but the general direction of the show (including cast changes and all kinds of things) have just been really poor.

As far as Mycroft is concerned, I liked the conception of him. He, like Moriarty, is never really very fleshed out in the books. Still, his role and demeanor mostly remained the same, so I was pretty pleased. The only reason I was upset about Moriarty is that they completely changed him. Like, from a storytelling perspective it's cute symmetry that they made him a 'consulting villain' thing, but from a real perspective, you just can't really do that. It's one thing for Holmes to be manic while unraveling the plans of others, but in order to lay those plans, it requires someone who is cold, logical and clever, not the sort of person who is spontaneous and kind of unhinged.
The Japanese Red Ranger clip is from the end of Super Sentai vs. Gaoranger.  One of the best sentai movies.
I hate Mondays!
Thank god.  He sucks.
Totally watching it on XBL right now.  That thing landed like a champ.
Lightly-fried Tentacruel with a tamato berry marinara.
I got dumped and it was the best feeling EVER! Free at last! Yay!
 That's disgusting, Pat.  

I added the last part because I wanted to make it clear that I wouldn't be having sex with my mule but I just made it sound like my mule was having sex with me :(
 RIVER IS SO STINKING CUUUUUTE!!!!!  
I just bought these in taupe.



Unnnnf I had to. I am weak for these boots.
My father is like a big kid that i have to constantly baby sit. He just asked me how to make a hard boiled egg.  Just caught him trying to butter a soft taco shell and was probably going to put it in the toaster over.  He can't clean himself or after himself. (taking showers once a week. Used the shower as a bidet. Yes, proof were dingle berries) Constantly depending on my for money for food, gas and for his bills. Like leaving the electric bill unpaid for 3 months and depending on me to pay it in full. Lets see if he gives me at least 100 dollars as promised :)

My BF is like a child himself. A momma's boy.  Depends on me or his mother waking him up.  CONSTANTLY wanting to go out with me even though Ive told him it's &quot;girls night&quot; or just doing laundry!  He's super clingly.  I don't want to &quot;cuddle&quot; or play big spoon.  He is mature in certain aspects but in certain ways, he's still a god damn kid.    

Im very close to just giving up on everyone ever.
My little baby stretched earlobes are now a 4g! Wee! EXTRA HOLES.
Yeah we had some good rounds with quite a few OBers in there today! Even finished a Blitz scramble. And shockingly, our party almost always ended up on the same team in Crossfire. What's the level cap? Cuz I've been playing so much I think I'm about to hit it if it's 50 haha. Today was the last day I could really spend that much time though, busy tomorrow and then mom is visiting for a few days and then I'll be working again. Booo.

I really gotta start playing some other classes besides support now though.
Japantown has all kinds of asian cuisine within walking distance except Pho, which is all I want today!
So what is up? Is everyone too drunk to update this shit? Where's the party at?
Deciphering your usage of capitalization when saying &quot;ME&quot; I'm guessing we're going to Maine.
When we climbed to the top of the spiderweb pyramid at the park I really wanted to kiss you.
This explains all the energy he had.
The US Navy knows how you feel:

By PAULINE JELINEK
Associated Press Writer

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Navy says two warships raced each other for fun out on the Pacific Ocean, but it could not prove that the activity endangered the vessels.

A Navy inspector general report says four witnesses described the race off of Okinawa between the guided missile cruiser USS Cowpens and destroyer USS John S. McCain. But the witnesses differed on how close the two came to each other before the race was halted.

The report was part of a larger probe into allegations against the Cowpens commander, Capt. Holly Graf.

The racing incident took place in February of 2009 and the inspector general's report was finished in December. A Navy official speaking on condition of anonymity says Graf was relieved of her command in January for cruelty and maltreatment and for conduct unbecoming an officer.

That's the amusing bit anyways.  The commander of that ship was apparently a few crayons short of a crayola box, too:

Navy Cmdr. Maurice &quot;Mo&quot; Kaprow was stunned to watch then-Cmdr. Holly Graf in action. He saw her for the first time after arriving aboard her ship, the destroyer USS Winston S. Churchill, in Italy just before the Iraq war began in 2003. A Jewish rabbi and a Navy chaplain, he'd been sent to the Churchill on temporary assignment as the vessel readied for war. Usually pulling out of port is a methodical and precise process. &quot;But I never in my life saw such chaos as there was on that bridge &#8212; Holly Graf began yelling and screaming rudder orders, engine orders, insulting people,&quot; Kaprow recalled Friday. &quot;I'd never seen anything like this.&quot;

It got more bizarre as the ship pulled out of Sicily's Augusta harbor. &quot;Just after clearing the breakwater the ship began to rumble and shake &#8212; now she's screaming even louder because nobody knows what's happening,&quot; Kaprow recalls. &quot;I begin to hear young sailors' voices from the fantail and they're singing, `Ding Dong, the Witch is Dead.'&quot; Kaprow remembers being perplexed at the sudden song. &quot;Then someone came up to me and said, `We've ran aground. She's finished&quot; &#8212; assuming the accident would mean the end of their commander's career. &quot;They were jumping for joy and singing on the fantail.&quot; Actually, one of the ship's props had broken, but the crew's reaction still amazes Kaprow. &quot;I was flabbergasted.&quot;

Also:
MI3 is gonna fail like MI2 did.
Augmentin is the devil.
 We were at the beach 
 Everybody had matching towels 
 Somebody went under a dock 
 And there they saw a cock 
  
 It wasn't a cock 
  
 It was a COCK LOBSTER!!!!!  
well played Sir!
Nervous
It was more of a hint hint nudge nudge kind of thing  ^_^
My boyfriend's shithead brother did this to me at one of our Scion games.
&quot;but it's an entire paradigm shift in the way we can interact with technology.&quot;

That doesn't make game good though! Going from the track ball in Pong, the keyboard and mouse, the single button joysticks, the 16-button controllers, the d-pad, the analog stick, the racing wheel. All shifts in how we play and in technologies, but what we play (and if it's any good) is another matter entirely.

But yes...no gimmick....paradigm shift in how we interact with technology....such as...the game playing itself for you?!


I mean, it's neat tech and all, so is the Wii - but to play one down over another when they're both platforms for how things are played and both have good and bad (and terrible) examples of the platform...that's shenanigans.
 wow, so they do have decent names =D 
  
 Not sure if it counts as full on friendship, but not a bad one this week.  


The number of panels with the Nine-Tails going &quot;.........&quot;  definitely increased, though.  You can almost see his heart growing three sizes.
This Will Be Our Year by OK Go. Also Track 6 by Unknown which keeps popping up on random shuffle and I don't know who it is! But it's awesome.
Perks to not having internet for a week:
Visit family, connect to wifi there and realize you have 25 new FOPs. Thanks for the xmas gift guys! 

Ditto on everything said about Cat as usual. &lt;3

Yeah why not....
and the safety word is waffle.
Buy him one beer for every second under twenty it takes him to saw this fallen tree.
Denied!
 :C   

HOLY SHIT I JUST NOTICED CRAPPY STALKER!!! ILU!!!  I can try to make this!  
Big Brother, Big Sister is watching you.
Tracy, the one of you on the hospital bed is priceless.  haha
No I'm pretty sure it was the years of rigourous training.

There's a song about it, actually.

The first one I actually played was probably the kobold priest that lasted one game.  We didn't even finish the adventure, and I don't remember his name.  First Edition AD&amp;D, bitches.

My favorite is Jedes Kharr, priest of Deneir (language and words and glyphs for those not familiar with the Forgotten Realms).  He was a son of a Silk Road-esque trader who left his family behind and ended up a pirate.  He's covered in tattoos and has a foul mouth but is something of a Jerk with a Heart of Gold, too.  I actually killed a game session for playing in character and insulting the thief who couldn't sneak (she was 2nd level and this wasn't even 3rd Ed so it's not like she was going to be awesome).  Player got mad even though I said I was in character and the DM confirmed it.  Never spoke to that player again, to boot.
As usual, I'm taking minor upsetting news and blowing it out of proportion for silly commotion:


Who am I kidding, Kobayashi-sama is a hero and inspiration TO US ALL.  He is a Single Person Dynasty.
I think I'm finally starting to like single malt whisky.
Not quite an adevrtisment but during our elections over the summer this gem popped up in a few places
Absolutely no joke, I'm on my third cell phone.
I broke #1 trying to open a beer bottle.
I broke #2 trying to open a beer bottle.
thank you! News from the Poor People Don't Deserve To Live Dept:

Imagine your home catches fire but the local fire department won't respond, then watches it burn. That's exactly what happened to a local family tonight.

A local neighborhood is furious after firefighters watched as an Obion County, Tennessee, home burned to the ground.

The homeowner, Gene Cranick, said he offered to pay whatever it would take for firefighters to put out the flames, but was told it was too late.  They wouldn't do anything to stop his house from burning.

Each year, Obion County residents must pay $75 if they want fire protection from the city of South Fulton.  But the Cranicks did not pay.

The mayor said if homeowners don't pay, they're out of luck.

This fire went on for hours because garden hoses just wouldn't put it out. It wasn't until that fire spread to a neighbor's property, that anyone would respond.

Turns out, the neighbor had paid the fee.

  
 There you go again! You've already admitted to knowing nothing about art careers, so why do you continue making these ridiculous claims? Angela could have had her dream and made enough money to pay the bills. Just stop already.  

Tim let me explain this further because you are getting very upset like I am somewhat attacking your livelihood, which I'm not.

Angela is the daughter of an army guy.  Being the daughter of an army guy she gets a free ride to certain schools in Alabama.  Without this free ride, she could not afford college.  Her mom is going through a divorce from a bijillionaire so she can't get money through FAFSA for school.  She has bad credit from getting screwed by her step dad so she can't get a loan.  Her only viable option for school is the free ride from her dad.  The problem is, the art schools that the free ride gives you access to suck major dick and are in the middle of nowhere and provide absolutely no networking potential (and honestly the course work varied so greatly from any other school we looked at).  When she moved to New Jersey she had to pay for her own school so I set her up with my old school where I worked and still had connections.  They have a &quot;video game&quot; art trek, but none of which would transfer to any noteworthy bachelors (you get an associates, but every course transferred into another school as a free elective).

Therefore, under my advice, she took the CS course load which, on research, would transfer EVERY credit in to tons of other schools.  The school she is at she can afford and pays out of pocket.

I don't know specifically about &quot;art degrees&quot; but I know lots and lots about the bureaucracy of higher education from working in the field for 5 years.  Going to art school to fulfill her dream was a death sentence at the crossroads in her life.  It would have left her with tons of nontransferable credits and a bunch of wasted money.  She can't afford any other school than the one she is in, or the ones in Alabama which she wouldn't do well at anyway.

I'm not saying people with degrees in art can't do well, or anything like that, so stop being so emotionally sensitize like I'm making fun of you or something.  You don't know the situation, so you're not at all qualified to give any advice either other than &quot;I did this and I did OK&quot;.
Anyone else having issues getting on?
lol, this is because Spielberg originally got the idea to do a &quot;War of the Worlds&quot; ride at universal studios....the movie grew out of that idea.
Now I'm gonna make pesto.
and it's everything I ever dreamed of. Truly, it's the best designed console ever.

Thanks to Atharan for scoring it for me. Level 20 Fixer at least.
Point of fashion: Business super casual
Current obsession: going to sleep tonight
 Goddamn it, cat, just DRINK SOME MORE WATER. You need to flush out that last bit of blockage in your UT but it's not gonna happen if you keep barely drinking anything. Please at least be okay with the wet food. Please just get better soon. 

When I took my cat to the vet for urinary issues, the vet recommended adding a spoonful or two of water to her wet food, to increase her liquid intake, since she wasn't drinking enough. Maybe it's worth a try!
I'm personally for 11:00 since it will give me ample time to get there after the play!
I'm still loving this shit as well.  I can't decide whether to keep my corrosive shotgun or grab a third repeater.  My hunter does crazy damage with them, but the shotgun does come in handy every once in a while against bruisers.

My repeaters are 1 fire, 1 corrosive, and bloodwing does shock.  It's pretty damn nasty.
 I can't find any sources to support lube being shear thinning, but THAT's a thought.  

Astroglide is apparently glycerol based --- so my intuition says that it's shear thinning, but of course, I have no idea.

 Clearly someone should do the rheology on it.   What a hilarious job that would be.

'What do you do?'
'I sit around all day stirring Astroglide.'
Took a parkour lesson at the Santa Monica pier. I like it.  Oh, and Game of Thrones tonight, obviously.  
It was very shiny. Some of the most beautiful animation I've seen in awhile. The dubbing was alright... Anna Paquin really surprised me, and Patrick Stewart naturally kicked bum. The characters and dialogue were sort of lacking, though. I'm not sure if that's entirely to do with the dub (I didn't have much of a choice about which version I could see). 
Thanks for the news! Might have missed it otherwise.
A year ago: living the dredgery of a massive agricultural project. Hating the fact that I invested everything into a failing company. At the same time, Hawaiians teaching me what it actually means to live. To know what it means to live, love, and be humble. 

5 years ago: Probably the VA Beach Bootycon. 

10 years ago: Trying to figure out life. Managing a 5 store company, and living for coffee.
I'm not sure which I like better, the panties or the nice legs.  Thank you for spiraling me into a world of erotic confusion!
Here:
 Jimmy &quot;Superfly&quot; Snuka.

fixed.
Finally back on the wagon after magfest and magically I lost weight while I was there!  Must have been all that time spent on the back of the leg press with luke


IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN
I came on here to congratulate you but now Im just confused by where the fat chick is. the girl in the blue?? she looks to have a slight gut but the rest of her looks fine. I thought guts were good for belly dancing? 
 Im confused now. forget the dress. where's the beef?
A ball-buster! What I think of as a real woman. You handle your own, you take care of yourself. You have no jackass or idiot do it for you. I loved your comment today. &quot;A man can take his shiny example of a prince with all  his land, and money and shove it up his ass.&quot; That caught my attention. I do hope you are a hard-ass feminist. We could become good friends.
hahahahah Oh my god this is the most amazing thread ever. Nobody ruin this with talk of vaginas.
Maria Ozawa....WIN
  
  
 If you guys smashed us last time then what should we call last night? I'm thinking rape.  

at least there were no major injuries. (and CS likes the word rape)


 I wonder how many people in the DC area called in sick today over last night's destruction.  

It was tempting, especially since I wore my jersey to work Monday and I was getting all kinds of shit from these Vick-loving Falcon fucks. However, I wouldn't give them the pleasure of thinking they brought me down.

but fuck you all, I'm still gonna take my Redskins FOPs with PRIDE. &lt;333

Just cause a larger brewery has purchased the original doesn't mean the quality always goes to shit.  It will probably drop a little, but that doesn't mean the essential character of the beer is necessarily lost.

Most of the mid-class beers weren't incredibly great to begin with, and they stay drinkable - it takes a lot of skill in order to put out millions of bottles of watery beer that tastes the exact same every time.  Brewers who worked for Anheiser-Busch and Coors have started extremely success microbreweries - just because they make crap doesn't mean they don't know how to make the good stuff.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FRENCHIE!!! &lt;33
Yeh, I hate the generalization.  It pisses me off because the only reason they don't like it is because of the artwork, spoiled fucks.

And I hate when people are like, oh this show SO ripped off Gundam Wing(or some other relatively new show).  Just to let you know buddy, almost anything after say.. 1990 ripped off everything that ever came before it, so suck it.
&quot;Wiki said:
She has been open about the plastic surgery she has undergone, with both breasts and her beauty mark being artificial.&quot;

What would an artificial beauty mark be made out of?
Couch.
Mojo Nixon.
Boyfriend.
Bowls.

Life is rad.
he feels alone because although he has friends, he doesn&#8217;t have people he would consider his party members. you know, like in an RPG

Game Over.
Didn't care for it.

Everything that is good in the movie is from the comic book. Everything that is jarring and ridiculous is the film-makers putting their stink on it. The action sequences, the romantic elements, and the attempt at making it comtemporary are the flaws that ruined the movie for me.
I think if these people want to make money they should get a job instead of wasting time camping out a week before this thing comes out.
 And that, my friends, is all you need to know.  

And knowing is half the battle!
  
 SOLD  

On credit?
I couldn't even make it 30 seconds.
I am NOT getting behind the wheel of a car less than 24 hours after having a seizure because you don't feel like going back to walmart to get draino because you didn't read the label on the one you grabbed and it was obviously the wrong thing.  if the sink overflows while I'm at work tomorrow (which I WILL have to drive to because your lazy ass won't bring me even though you have nowhere to be, and I can't afford to call out again because YOU need the money), have fun dealing with it all by your lonesome.
To make this ever better, go back and read the original thread in your head with Morgan Freeman's voice.
A lively addition to any BJ table!
Uh, can I already put this up for nomination for &quot;Worst Movie Of 2007&quot;? Usually bad movies are famous for having all the good stuff in the trailer. The problem is....there is no good stuff in this trailer. 

Like the great Criswell I will make some predictions:

1. This movie will only cement the fact that Lucy Liu and Cedric the Entertainer are box office poison if they aren't part of an ensemble

2. If &quot;Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever&quot; put Liu's film career on lifesupport, &quot;The Cleaner&quot; will be the final bullet in the head. Next Stop: &quot;Art Films&quot; with ten minute shower scenes....not that I am bitching about that, but still......
awww sorry, Ronny was just joking, I totally put him up to it. We are not offended, just a couple of sarcastic stoned assholes :D 

Please, Arthur, keep posting boobies!! 

I would contribute, but I don't think anything from my porn collection is ummm what Vasha's looking for...
There's a rumor flying around Twitter that Rick Astley is dead too but about half the trending topic tweets are denying it.
I don't mind so much that you dumped me, we never went far enough for me to care that much about it.  But what I miss is your friendship, you being near me and your parents treating me like family.  I could really use a long ass &quot;I swear you're trying to kill me&quot; walk that you usually take me on right about now.
Christ, I hate the matchmaking service.
Even though it came bundled up with a lot of pain and unhappiness, the freedom you gave me was the best gift ever. I'm so much happier now that I'm figuring out who I am and what I want. You were better for me than I think I give you credit for.



Your nose, your own business. Please. 




Gold leggings? Please don't wear those again, honey. Please. I don't want to have to walk up stairs behind you in those things ever again PLEASE I AM BEGGING YOU.
I NEVER LIKED HIM

I TOLD YOU GUYS  But seriously though... this is the difference between a /persona/ and a *person*. A lot, maybe even most, of larger-than-life performers are not all that they market themselves to be. Everything that they put out there is a calculated performance of that persona that they've adopted. And so they've had a few advisors, or even a committee, helping them decide and choose what mantras, what behaviors, which catch phrases, will be best to adopt in order to keep up appearances-- to portray a specific character. 

Not anyone can do it, man.

And the lines become blurry. You play this character for so long, who is to say that it's coming from your heart, or it's all strategic - ? You have to believe in that part of yourself in order to play it to the world convincingly. Even as you grow and change as a person... if you're a performer, you have to present a face that doesn't change, b/c that's what ppl understand and want to see. So maybe Andrew WK has personally outgrown his character a bit, maybe he wants to be more honest about who he is as opposed to what he's chosen to show the world. Does that make him any less connected to the character you've become familiar with, as an audience member and a fan? No, I don't think so... like a character in a TV series, &quot;Andrew WK&quot; is still solid and you still love him. The person who plays him, may not be 100% committed to actually BEING that character-- but obviously he still loves and believes in, and still will perform as the Andrew WK Persona, so why shouldn't all his fans?

And the truth is, you've never really ever known or loved Andrew WK, whoever he is as a person. You've been consuming his persona, which he pointedly marketed to you from the very beginning.

  
Oh, God... I... I actually could kind of use the money.  I threw up in my mouth a little when I got to part stating that the campaign must include pirates and zombies.

Maybe I'll have the entire party wiped out by ninjas.  
I'll beat that one in star challenges in Battle Of The Bands, too.
Add another to that list.
hurts sooo bad. i poped my shoulder out years ago skateboarding.
Kenyaaaaaaa. Kenya Kenya Kenyaaa.
Cuz guys are supposed to dirty, stinky and disgusting.
 Whatever is going on in Thunderdome, it will all be worthwhile if Shawn McCool convinces Avid Pedestrian to move with him to the Netherlands  

I was thinking the same thing!
The new hotness is aptly named. It turned out really great!
Lil Wayne is one of the worst rappers alive. Why is he so goddamn popular?!?
You know, I bought an $0.88 2-liter of Sam's Cola yesterday and it tastes very similar to my fav, RC. Oh well!

So I drink both Pepsi and Coke, it just depends on what is more readily available. And since I live/work on OSU campus which is practically owned by Coca-Cola, I drink more Coke. But nothin' beats a Pepsi now and again.
 
How could I not be, with Rodrik's fucking beard hanging out there like that? 

So, so glorious. Love those whiskers.
 You're not Starfire, who is so smart that he sometimes has trouble doing things in this dimension.  

Yeah, man. This dimension is so boring. Just to even get something done I have to go through the effort of opening up this totally sweet looking portal and then actually use my legs to go over to someone's desk and help them through their problem. Not only do I have to physically move their I actually have to talk because you fucks are so primitive I can't just telepathically tell you how to do it and that you're dumb and a waste of space.
Wow, you guys missed out.  I saw Rick a bunch and kissed him all over!

Seriously though, how can anyone hate on Alex's mustache?
It takes a huge amount of courage to do what that man is doing.

I envy him his ability to live so completely contrary to what everyone expects.  On the other hand, I really really love hot running water.  I'm not giving up indoor plumbing.

Seriously, the most amazing part of what he is doing is simply that he is living so profoundly contrary to everyone else.  It really does take an amazing amount of conviction to buck expectations so completely.  I can admire that.
Okay seriously. You want to start a friendship with me again, then don't talk to me for over a week and then when you do it's only to degrade me and put me down for the choices I made long after you bought your one way ticket out of my life. Fuck off, really.
yeah, and I don't play any games on my Xbox - I only own Rock Band, in fact

So you are saying you like to play a video game with scoring combos, unlockables, smart bombs, deep multiplayer, lots of elaborate peripherals and an extensive library of DLC.

I'm so sorry I mistook you for nerdy.
Hmm, this thread seems to have become derailed.








PENIS, PENIS, PENIS!!!







penis
I'm naming my kid Genghis Kahn.
YEAH, NOW MY USERPIC IS AWESOME AGAIN.
If it's just a dude running around blowing up robots it doesn't really have to be rated R. Well, at some point you'd kind of hope the robots would shoot back. Also, when their skin is damaged and the metal shows through is when terminators look their coolest. 

I don't really care all that much if it's R or PG13 or whatever, but I do find it obnoxious how studios aim for a certain rating before they even start making the movie, rather than just focusing on making the movie as good as they can and let the rating fall where it may.
Ratnax said:Inbreeding defects aren't 100%. Sometimes inbreeding results in normal kids. Also, my understanding is that it can take quite a few generations of inbreeding for things like that to surface. Yep. All inbreeding really does it increase the likelyhood of mutated genes getting expressed, and despite what Xavier has tried to teach me, most mutations are actually bad things. Though I suppose inbreeding would also raise the odds of giving birth to a kid with mutant powers as well. 

But yeah, the reallly twisted part here, is that having a father/grandpa is the least of these kids' problems.
OK, done now.  When the guy claiming that the poor should starve to death brags about having been on the streets you can guarantee nothing of interest will follow.
I backing up right now in prep for 9.10.  I've been running the alpha for awhile, and it's pretty awesome.  I good at grammar, too.  
I was just going to ask the same thing. Why Thailand?

Short answer: it's cheaper.


Grats, and not to be a total sexist pig, but could we see some before/after?  I've always been curious as to how it looks.  Also does this mean you have to have to walk around with a dong inside you all the time?  Just another rumor i've overheard.

Short answer: no...and yes.


Wikipedia knows all. Honestly, I expected them to have an article on SRS, but not necessarily on SRS in Thailand.
Laurette and Pam -- you're both stunning!  I'm stunned.  Mamaskull, too.  
oh man, I watched &quot;The Fires Of Pompeii&quot; last night and remembered why I love Doctor Who so much, aside from the fantastic writing.  


Many straight male prostitutes get paid to let a guy suck THEIR dick. It seems like a pretty sweet deal!
my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard
Dear work

I love you but I don't /love/ you. It's 5 am and shit that needs to be up at 8:30 is still broke.

I want to shower/sleepppppp
And done!
1
K
B
W
C
chicago in t-minus 7 hrs
Bitch thinks she can have bigger eyes than me BITCH AIN'T SHIT!


BTW that girl appeared in my dream last night I shit you not. It was the scariest dream ever.
They should have it posted that if you eat a shit ton, you pay double. 

 I like how this is the second time in 10 years that she's giggled on air and she's worried about getting a reputation. What a loose woman that Charlotte Green is, what with her laughing all the time.  

Well, you know. She IS British, after all. Laughing like that, she is /obviously/ putting on airs of sophistication well above her station.

Just not cricket!
I think I'm going to book a separate room just for NYE. I need to know, before deciding, if it'll be worth it. I want to make sure people will be there for me to party with.  What I'm asking is: How many of you will be in DC NYE and would like to hang out for the ball dropping?
    In your mouth.  
Mars Monument, proof of &quot;My God, it's full of stars&quot;
 Fuck Rick Rolling forever.  

I'll stop rickrolling.  I promise to Never Make You Cry.  You can trust me.  I'm never gonna tell a lie, or hurt you.
I honestly can't take that test because I immediately know what color each answer really means, so I always bias it towards the color I'd prefer.  To be honest, I'm probably blue/red... enemy colors, I know, but I do have two warring sides.  Though my favorite color to play in Magic is black, which is actually the color that links blue and red.

The color wheel is really an incredible design mechanic, and it's probably the biggest reason why MtG is head and shoulders above all of the other card game imitators that followed it.  MtG is also one of the most genius money making schemes in existence, only surpassed by MtG Online (so, instead of actually printing cards, we'll just host them online.  instead of selling them to distributors at vastly cut prices, we'll just bank retail.  No deals ever!  We'll have tournaments that cost extra money to join, but the prizes don't cost us anything to hand out! pure genius).
Elantris and it rocked.  I cried.  I am such a sucker for books; I cry more for books than I do for real-life.
Well while the server uploads the next bach of pics... I'd figured I continue my long drawn and boring story. 


Well right after passing by the cops at wawa the 2 remaining vehicles (the NY group and Metalspork's group) went on the longest journey ever to find Vasha's house. First we confidently drove down S.township rd. (can't remember the name) east only to end up making our first wrong turn. According to the google map instuctions we had to back track to Apulo's place to begin the long journey to DE. So obviously on the way back we ended up passing by the same Wendy's and Applebees, however we were about to run a red light and the cops were in sight. So in a last ditch effort we turn into the parking lot there just short of running the light and stopped to try figuring out what to do. 

Eventually we backtracked to Apulo's and then started going down one road, but this time we were looking at mapquest and got lost in bumblefuck, PA. Litterally the place at night looked similar to the movie &quot;The Village&quot; no sign of civilization and as we headed down that road faithful to mapquest directions the road mysteriously changed into another one. After 10 minutes we back tracked down the same road only to find that the road we wanted disappeared. So after a quick break (by break I mean piss) we decided to go down the other road which after a few minutes became the road we wanted... a sigh of relief was given only to realize that mapquest made us go in a complete circle back to the road we started out on.... this was not looking good... 

ok the pics are uploaded... here comes the next batch...
Cool beans! I'll go to ye olde CVS soon to pick out my new dryer and I had no idea about that cold air option! Danke...laidies.
 I love how that's basically exactly how he's going to look when he's 50.  

Hahahahahaha I love it.
Minna Parrika...drool...

I'll be taking one in black, red and blue, thanks!



Dr. Dre
Of course I'm on crack. 

But I still have better taste than you.
Hmm... possibly. I gotta inspect the goods first though.
tehehehe.. caution tape XD
cute :3
SEPHBOT IS BACK!
2 words.. Redneck Tree.
/signed

and motorboating her hand....


oh yes......her hand..........
My body is so anime, it hurts.
I actually already had my twin's ass dipped in copper.  I had it hangin from my dash with baby booties, but caused too many car accidents so had to be taken down.
- Feeding the Bacon Leviathan to the ivory god for his approval.
I need a smaller one.  I have a HUGEASS one and I never fill it all the way so sometimes things burn a bit.

Also, I've made this twice: 
And FUCK if it isn't awesome.
I've always had such a phobia of sending cash in the mail and having it go to the wrong place that I ALWAYS write a check.  Before I wrote checks, I was that guy that went and got money orders.  

I would keep it and either take some friends drinking or buy myself something nice.
MITB1 - Edge cashes in 
 MITB2 - Edge interferes, making successful cash-in 
 MITB3 - Edge takes the case, cashes in 
 MITB4 - Edge is cashed-in upon 
 MITB5 - Edge loses match, man who defeated him is immediately cashed in upon 
 MITB6 - Edge beats...

Bingo.  So if you want to be sure to win the belt after MITB, stay close to Edge.  If Edge is the champion, well... sorry.
Noi...fuck me - I'm speechless
  
  
  
 Sorry, I didn't realize I wasn't posting in the Unpopular Opinions thread.  Oh, wait...  

No you're posting in the right thread but it still doesn't mean I have to agree with you on your &quot;Unpopular Opinion&quot;.

Wait did you expect me to be nice and agree with something you posted in Thunder Dome? welp
Let's get really drunk for like 3 days, just a suggestion.
Callie!
RFID chips can easily be neutralized by 2 seconds in a microwave or by wrapping them in aluminum foil. 

The government can try to track us but hackers always have the upper hand.
It'll be interesting to see how his rinnegan plays into the &quot;Six Paths&quot; thing.  Is that one of the rinnegan's powers, or is this just a more &quot;run-of-the-mill&quot; S-Class technique?
Very chic as usual P.Y.T.!
How the hell are you going to top this next year?
Like I said elsewhere, a pretty actress doesn't mean anything. Look at how they hagged up the chick in 50 First Dates to look ugly. I would never have guessed that she was really a gorgeous lady! 

And pictures don't mean too much either, because a good actress can sell the whole package to make you believe it beyond just a pretty girl with a lot of makeup on to make her look ugly.

My only thing is that she is really thin. Brienne isn't thin, but I guess they can bulk her up with costuming.
You all have magnificent derrieres.


They set this up right before the barn scene too, when Herschel says it was Otis who always wrangled the walkers.


Ooooohh. I didn't catch that. But that makes sense. 

I personally don't care if people talk about the comics because from what I have heard the show is so different it doesn't matter. I think it's fair that others don't want to be spoiled if they can help it. A Comic Spoiler tag at the beginning of the post isn't too much to ask and should take care of it, I would think.


&lt;&lt;3&gt;Meg &amp; Cam FTW!&lt;/&lt;3&gt;
 Cox 


&quot;Thats what i said .. There's a giant Oscar Meyer Hot Dog stuck in my garage!&quot;

-get a job that doesn't suck. 
-lose weight
-do things that make me happy
-be happy
  
  
 It's not really a matter of being self conscious, it's a matter of still being sore days later because he basically hulked the fuck out on my insides.  
I have this issue with every new partner, big or not. In my experiences it takes more fucking, a little time and plenty of lube. You have to break your vag in like a new pair of shoes!
I usually flip them the bird. This shit pisses me off SO MUCH. It's so fucking scummy! I know I look hot, I don't need you to yell shit at me or honk your horns to let me know. Since moving into the city, it literally happens every day, no matter how shitty I look, so it's not even flattering, it's just annoying and creepy.
ahahaha
Or you can just say OB = Omar Brutus. 

But yea, i tell people what the site is whenever i do mention it. I just tell them its a forum Im on with lots of sexy people
 .007. Image: 800x600 JPG, 175KB.  Click to view. 
Seriously. My pic gets posted twice on the same page? Weird!
Oh fuck. So I unlocked the Hulk and then managed to get, from the Act I bonus mission, the Gamma Booster. Here's what the item reads:

Cost: 83 Stamina
Target: One Ally
Type: Buff
Gamma Rage (3 turns)
Gains a bonus to Attack and Accuracy.
Increased when hit by enemy attacks.
This effect stacks up to 3 times.

My rough estimates put it at somewhere in the 10-12% boost (yes, it's a percent boost, not a static number boost), per stack.

Combine this with anyone who tanks (Captain America, Spider-Man, Colossus, Luke Cage and Thing,) and you've suddenly got a really hefty attack buff, since they will be constantly taking punches to the face.
I come from an Italian family...we cook as though we are to feast for days and for no less then 20 people. 

There is only one meal in the Phillipines: its starts at like 11am and goes continuously until midnight or so. And yes, there are still leftovers!
Yeah, hands up if you think even for a second that she won't be hovering around to see the aftermath - how nice would it be if there wasn't any? Like, hell, not even a Chow Bitches flag.
You wish!  Wait, what?

My logic is that the dudes I'd have interest in on OB already know I'm not a complete 'mo, there's no reason for the ones I don't want to know I'm bluffing.  Ohshi---  That was in response to John.  
Not gonna lie, time to time some of this looks like a pretty compelling argument.
I skip the J. PB all the way. Peanut Butter &amp; Company has some really awesome flavors that would likely clash with jelly anyhow, like cinnamon raisin swirl. 


Peanut butter squeeze packs to give out as Halloween treats? Nice idea!
Lol, yeah, maybe that wasn't very relevant. The fact is I'm not very good at it yet, which is why I definitely don't want to miss class. :P
It looks like I'm going to have to spend more time on my schoolwork than I planned.  Maybe next time, everyone.  

What's the weather like over there?
My little trick is to always have some healthy snacks in my bag. That way when I do get hungry, I have something good-for-you available instead of getting so wildly hungry that I go and spluge at McDonalds or something.

Some examples: Apples, crackers, granola/cereal bar, baby carrots, grapes etc etc etc

Also I totally use the Gavin method with ice cream. It takes me liek a month to go through a pint of Ben &amp; Jerry's since I only eat a bite or two at a time.
Mein Gott!
My back is starting to get hairier, but it's not a nice even growth - more like patches of 6 or seven freakishly long hairs just sprouting up all over at random.
MirrorCloak7211. But I haven't really done anything yet. This thread reminded me it was open so I signed up this morning, but when I saw you aren't sorted right when you join I put it down before I had to head out for the weekend (yes, I just want some wizard quiz validation). Still, looks neat!
Count Holograms. Gotta post this to sesamestreet.org.
WOA

Did she think that email was a joke from you? I admire your lady friend (well I did before anyway) because I would have not been nearly as &quot;professional&quot;. It must be hard to date the most beautiful girl in the world.
I don't know how to play, but let's do this! What's your steam name and I'll add you.

On a related note, I still have a friend invite waiting from an OB member named &quot;&lt;3 Devo&quot;. I don't friend people unless I know who they are and your profile page says nothing about who you are! Sorry, &quot;&lt;3 Devo&quot;!
OH HEY THERE PAM!
Asian? Redirect him to me. I'll build him the fuck up. And then CRUSH HIM!
Game on.
Oh I took a nap and got all kinds of over it, but can the boobies offer still stand?  Please???





Bewbs.
NYE Nails. Gold sparklies over smokey black.
AWWWWW YEEEEAAAAH FUCKIN SAH-WEEEEEEEET!
I don't really care that Sailor Moon itself is being rereleased because, I all ready had it all when I was younger.

The exciting part is totally Codename wa Sailor V being released in English.  I had always wanted that more than anything (Sailor moon related) when I was a little girl.  I mean, I all ready know the story, but it'd be great to actually read that prequel that's also not as drawn out as Sailor Moon itself was.  Too bad it's not until September.

He has an older sister. Arianna is 2 1/2 years older then Nicholas but she never did anything like that. She used to scream at the top of her lungs until she made herself sick but never banged her head.  Which I guess is equally terrible. She has dropped that habbit now but with the little one he seems to be getting worse. Nicholas was a late talker and he talks now but man... I can't understand most things that kid ever says. 

So I guess it makes sense.
Wait.  Who are you....?
Sweet Jesus that was worth the wait.  I'm in tears over here.

LUFFY VS GARP!
BUTTS &amp; DONGS
linksys


guess which is mine
WiFi ain't popular in my immediate vicinity


Everyone that is posting in the Erotic Forum is making it a joke because they cant take anything seriously. So in the end, there are no real roleplayers here, just a mess of wannabes.

a faggot like Fievel, and all his snobby, Elitist friends, then of course you are just as pathetic and childish as they are




3Oh!3 
Dont Trust Me

&quot;Shush girl and shut your lips. Do the Helen Keller and talk with your hips&quot;
If this isn't a good first DTRPG purchase, I don't know what is.
Putting in my 2weeks notice on friday for the job I really heavily dislike.
Moving to Tulsa and getting a place with the boyfriend.
Just did my taxes!
Going to to send in my application for egg donation this April.
Dressing how I wanna dress this spring/summer..like a boss.

IT'S A GIRL, BORN ON DECEMBER 25TH AT 8:45 PM

Sorry this took us so long but our baby girl had some minor complications after delivery. Sasha and I just got home today from the hospital but our new baby girl is still at the hospital.  She gave us a bit of a scare at first but she is now doing well  and will be coming home very soon!  Her name is Bella Gloria Sklar and weighed 6 lbs 8 oz, and was 19 inches long. She's absolutely gorgeous and isn't a fussy baby at all!  Here is her first picture (20 minutes after birth), I hope you enjoy staring at her adorable little face as much as we do!

I think people DO tell Chris to shut up, they just don't make numerous posts about it b/c that shit is annoying and no one likes to see it or god forbid read it

The prob is that Chris is annoying only you w/ his one-liner digs. And though this could has potential to become annoying to other ppl who are not involved... before that can build, Rizu, you come in and post many long ranting posts about it in threads that everyone reads (b/c we like to look for drama). So, you always upstage him w/ hysterics (although you're probably not hysterical, your posting style is way over the top) and get everyone's attention and disdain. It's pretty simple. 

You have to remember that most people here don't know you or your good intentions, nor your feelings. All they are going off of is your posting content &amp; frequency.  for the record I love and hate you both  
You've got that look I wanna know,
You've got that look, the hy pro glo
It burns a hole inside my mind
It burns a hole inside my mind

Who, what, where, when, why?
How many ways can you lie?
How many ways can you try?
How many ways can you die?
What am I gonna do?
I can't look at you
Don't have a clue
You're no hypocrite
It could be better honestly.
i guess we should figure out what the total would be first, but i have my doubts at being able to reach it! Ive had years of bitterness from going to cons for 10+ years and knowing just how things usually go down.
 Rick--shutup, we wanted you there! We HAD communal booze for peeps, which we didn't mind people drinking. the lame part was people digging through our drawers/closets to find the stuff we had HIDDEN for later. Why are con kids so lame!?
I bailed last year.

I WILL MAKE 10.
YYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I'm now back to where I was pre-relationship!  Once again, my 12s are baggy and I am happy.  Now we shall work on getting into those 10's more comfortably....
&quot;-OMG I only 100 lbs, that's why I'm soooo wasted. &quot;

In my defense, I really am.

Just kidding, I need at least four watered down margaritas in small glasses to get appropriately drunk.
Wooah threadsurrection! 

Aww the first pic is making me miss my industrial like crazy. Had to take it out because the top hole started migrating. Still have the bottom hole but I need to get a new ring for it cuz I lost my other one, boo.
Did. But I think it messed up where I live. o.0; I put in my zip,and it says.. Ampthill. wtf.
i just rubbed one out. what's a boyfriend? i'm SO horny.
&quot;Duck
Oh, Maxy-poo-hunny-buns. Nothing came from CSULB's anime club. A year ago a leaflet was passed around campus warning women not to go any place alone with you. I don't think the sketch really did you justice, though! You look a little better in pictures. &quot;

Awwww Ducky hunny buns purple nipples, did you come up with that all by yourself, or did you actually have to converse with people to think of something humiliating?
Okay so I love D&amp;amp;D again thanks to the Wizards Game Day yesterday. Despite a horrible DM I had a great time playing around with a level 11 Drow Avenger. Great class. Now I'm sad we probably won't be playing tonight due to player absences. 
  
 P...

My collection is slowly growing.  There are a lot of great models that are dirt cheap if you go to singles sale sites like coolstuffinc.com.
Gamertag is usarmydoc2000

Have a great day and add me if you want
devi331, like, a zillion times over.
Uhh fuck you Detroit for having so much good shit...

Their are subs out their its easy to find a download but streams are alot harder for at least season 1.

best bet as of right now would most likely be pirate bay but this is only speculation

That they can't break it to enforce it.
This thread's coming back because I'm totally done.
Huh, it's fitting considering it's Vegas...
I had turned away from the camera for a split second to make sure Tori didn't block the shot and when I turned back, Don was done.
I'm starting to realize my calling as a food delivery person.

Meals on Wheels, baby.
Simple enough.  READYSETGO!!!


I don't always talk about Star Wars, but when I do, people walk away.
I'll give it a good thought.
Once I'm done playing Halo.
  ou'll be happy to know the dress cost a million rupees.

WHOA! How many Skulltulas did you have to kill to get a wallet that big!?!

 but he is driving a yellow '07 corvette omg.  

Comp-pen-sa-tion!  Makin' it hap-pen!
And Dancing Mal Dances to the beat:
I'm not normally one to get stressed, but everything going on right now just has this little bundle growing inside me. The combo of waiting to hear back from people and planning for a potential move as well as hunting for potential apartments is starting to get to me.

I love that we have all different cultures and langauges and people in America. I get SO frustrated with langauge barriers. It makes my job 100% more difficult.  Member: I want to see authorization for wife today called by doctor. 
Me: Okay, I do see we have something approved from the doctor for 2 visits.
Member: No. Not October. Today he call. 
Me: Yes, Sir it is from today and she is approved for 2 visits. 
Member: The appointment is on 18th.
Me: ...and today is the 17th when he called and she was approved. 
Member: Oh... she was approved. For how many visits?

...fucking really?  
Seems inevitable, really. 


Here lies Poop Face.
Dude, he's insane. Game 1 was nuts, too. He had 48 points and I think he shot over 80%.
&quot;And no requests about me getting in a bikini and taking pictures on it. I'm already sick of hearing that.&quot;

bitch, plz. You SO want to take those pics. Do it for OB!
Soft like kittens, or harsh like brillow pads?  Now that's sexy!
So epic...
Yeah, we were supposed to have a video game discussion group, and Limbo was the first game on the list. But then only two people played it (myself included), so the discussion didn't really go anywhere.
Between Jarod's Top Gun post in the other thread and Jessica's here, I can't stop laughing. 

Thank you for that, Jessica. I kept thinking he looked like someone from a movie but I couldn't get my mind to grasp just who it was. I wish we could buy user names for other people because he would so be Quirrel right now.  

Sean, I probably won't be able to Man-Date this year (Or maybe it's the ONLY thing I'll make it to)... but if you have a hard time getting the reservation, I know a handful of music industry executives from New Jersey that would call them for you.

I know it's a load off your mind, Sean, knowing Peabody is on the case. You should call him on this. 
  
You're cute, cool, funny, have good style, play hockey and have a nice bum. I totally have a crush on you.

I don't care that you're a woman, but the fact that you're my prof makes it problematic.
I thought I had work today, but I didn't.  Instead of being bummed out about going all the way to work only to drive right back, I'm doing something constructive and cleaning my room.

Wow, and it only took 7 months for me to finally unpack the last of my boxes!
All the more hilarious.

All the more threads for me to lock and link to this thread.

The potential here is only limited to your imagination.



It tastes like too much crappy seasoning and who eats french-fried onions besides truckers in hotel rooms off the interstate in Wisconsin. 
  
 If you know how to cook green beans properly, adding condensed soup does nothing but hide the flavor of t...

I fucking love deviled eggs. We did not have any this Thanksgiving.
Yes, the war on drugs wouldn't have instantly ended if prop 19 passed, and yes those in prison would have potentially waited a long while before they are absolved of their crimes. However, considering that most police out there use &quot;well i smelled some pot&quot; as a basis of conducting searches, it would have gone a long way. 

Prohibition needs to end at all cost. I was hoping prop 19 would have passed because that would have potentially gained momentum on ending prohibition entirely. Now, as it is, we will have to wait two more years before any change can possibly be made. 

Two more years of the expansion of the prison population, gang violence, black market profiteering, drug trafficking, and paying more police to deal with it all. But, hey, it may have allowed a new tobacco industry, so at least it failed right?
...or the offenders could just...y'know...NOT do it. They made their choice knowing full well what the consequences were. It's not like any of those people were going to die if they didn't have it.
 hay gaiz i finally has blk chocobo Image: 600x976 JPG, 88KB.  Click to view. 

I almost died at how cute that was.

 Obama hentai.  Gotta love them Japs!  And yeah that lady is supposed to be Hilary Clinton. 
  
 www.fakku.net/viewonline.php?id=3121 Image: 906x1400 JPG, 330KB.  Click to view. 

Then I really did die at how WTF that is.
No, seriously. When Sara takes photos of me, 90% of the time I'm putting food into my gullet.
I believe we should all meet up somewhere and drag her out of jail, and give her the boots medium style. Anyone up for a field trip, while we are at it we can stop somewhere and give Uwe Bawl the boot to.
If he said, &quot;I heart Booty&quot; he would've just gotten bashed by otaku-hating mongrols.

...did I just say that?
I'm already paying for it.
I've also discovered that I dont enjoy porn as much as I enjoy &quot;looking&quot; for porn. I'll rarely masturbate to the same movies or pictures over and over, in fact I can go hours just surfing for porn, be it pictures or movies in the pursuit of that &quot;one&quot; that will make me blow my load. It also varies from session to session of what makes me blow my load, it could be some scenario porn or just some pictures of a girl that looks a certain way or reminds me of someone. 

This. All this is so true.
YAY FOR REMISSION!! KICK ASS MINK!!!
I haven't seen Office Space because everybody tries to make me see it, and after 7-8 years I've honestly developed some kind of fucked-up issues about it. PS:  OB member Positivespace, who is awesome, even sent me a copy.  Not because ...

Good man.
Holla!
I love me some Rudy! Come on, Bud....
if you can get it.


Fuckin Unions.
 When Obama's socialism comes into effect on Oct 1st, will everyone have access to all of the FOPs? 


A man can dream.
Internet, you fail to amuse me today.
 I wanna go too. Can I go? I am thinking about megabusing it out.  
Of Course! The more the merrier!

We roll up like a bunch of clowns pouring out of my vehicle, sounds like a good time!

This reminds me of Drummercon III last year when Ak and Co showed up. Now my family isn't racist in any way (unless my grandfather is drunk and watching Fox News again) but when I had like 5 black dudes roll up to my house and come in the backyard the whole party went silent. I was dying with laughter.
I still remember meeting Nathon Fillion at D*C last year and he got a Myspace-angle photo of us. Then I told a few others what had happened and the story goes that apparently Pam went to say hi and ended up grabbing his ass. You go girl. 
  
 Later,...
I always knew Michael Rosenbaum had to be a pretty awesome guy.  Theory: Confirmed.
Please tell me he has to have a cone to keep him from picking at it.  Glad you're okay btw! :D  
drive.
looking at g-maps,  i think i may have sugarcoated that number a little. 
 i live very close to the 83 south exit on 695.

but seriously, predator hand pacts for otakon strike force

WHO ELSE!
Holy crap!! Congrats, honey! I am so excited for you!!
What's all this self sucking off? I thought that the American way was to get someone else to do it. Also, I want to be a wannabe spic beaner faggot, but I put on dickies for no man.

I also wear my neckbeard on my ass.
Encyclopediabootanica!
However, I'm damn tired of Garrus dying in ME2 because the new &quot;badass&quot; Garrus keeps CHARGING AHEAD AFTER CLEARING A ROOM INTO THE NEXT ROOM AND GETTING KILLED BEFORE I'VE EVEN HIT COVER

Weird, Garrus doesn't do that in my game and I take him with me on every mission! (Because we are in love.)
Princess Katy Cuppincakes, that b&amp;w shot is absolutely beautiful! Props to the photog!
My vote's on Sachi. Seriously, girl was completely clueless when she first joined.
Score one for team awesome!
Quit your bitching about netdecking. Any player worth his sand modifies any netdeck. Those who don't will be beat.

Also, Affinity fails in 1.5.
So, someone please give me some visual on this &quot;hipster&quot; situation. All I have heard is negative on it. I just don't know.  What the hell is it?  
Crave Crate Part II: The Revenge
Holy fuck I had a great day! My bff from when I was eleven stopped by on a whim because she's in town. We went for a nice long walk in Venice and now I'm off to sculpture class and I get to see Tommy after!  Also: holy shit I haven't even thought about secret Santa! Thanks for the reminder, sign ups will start Nov. 1.  
This post serves as promise to later link a yummy cheesy broccoli dish, and a totally boss low carb splenda-based cheesecake.
I've watched a few people play this and it looks pretty fun.  The Gremlins from the outcasts are pretty hilarious, especially when they fudge an attack and end up killing themselves
Dr. Taylor Lay
Day is not that bad but I just wanted to bitch about it:

So I wake up in a bad mood (partly from having some weird dream starring Deadpool), tired and cranky and it keeps going. Yay, the train is not crowded so I pick the smaller two seater. Boo, some girl decides to squeeze next to me interrupting my quick nap (and her thigh is touching my thigh! Oh no!). Then I transfer to subway train and emerge from the station only to be greeted (again) by the &quot;Hey Miss, are you looking for a job&quot; in which they eagerly ask me at least 3-4 times a week by the same guys in rotation. I fucking hate LA sometimes. I walk away only to walk into a dust storm started by the leaf blower guy. No no man, don't stop blowing that thing on the SIDEWALK until you see me 2 feet in front of you. After I wipe the dirt, dust and bits of trash from my face I get greeted by our Lab supervisor &quot;Oh hey, the senior associate is taking an extended vacation for this week.&quot; Wow, I get to be acting senior associate for the week again. Hey, all before 9am PDT! :)
After a setup of about 10 minutes or so, this movie takes off and doesn't let up until the credits start rolling. The visuals are simply amazing and for a Spielberg movie, this feels more like the first half hour of Saving Private Ryan than any of his other films. There's definitely a feeling of suspense that's maintained throughout the movie.

There's not much of a story, but the ride is pretty amazing.
Yah, This is great, I only have DP as a freind, I tell you He is takes such a great photo.
Now, if I only had a way to forget about his photo's as I am making love to my girlfreind. DP I AM YOURS.


Liz, I know nothing about your new job, but it sounds really, really fishy. They're offering you over full time hours while offering you no benefits and paying you in cash and making you fill out a w9(essentially for freelance/selfemployed/contractor work). 

And even if you are working as a contractor or freelancing, there's no reason why a legit business would ever have to pay a regular worker in cash instead of checks.
I've been watching the U.S. version of Being Human and I can't stop drooling over Sam Witwer. So fucking hot.
I am actually surprised you have to pay to see it. 

It was generally standard practice in LA to give anyone in your movie a copy of it for their reel (might even have been a union requirement). I don't know about extras, but I would think they could at least throw a free ticker voucher their way or some shit.
Oooooooooh! Thanks!
hell yeah
Bukkake isn't a verb, cumsponge.  Also, I'm going to assume you don't have the good taste to mix that schnapps with any hard liquor... so tell me, are you a lady or a fag, 'cause those are the only kinds of people that drink schnapps straight.
wooo i finally did a meme. not so well tho. ah well.
WINTER IS COMING
E of course. Because one time I told my girlfriend that if we had a baby I'd put it in the oven if it didn't shut up.
It IS the oldest profession...
Hey hey, what about cocks &amp; pork rinds first?
I'm loving everybody's FoPs that helped boost me over 1000 - Firecat, LeeChan, Tsuki, Rizu, caitlin, CGB...even Avonti, who succeeds at being adorable (since she's not allowed to be &quot;sexy&quot; for another couple years or so).
For being the first poster in the thread, Dr. M gets a special thanks in the &quot;Horn&quot; credits
PB&amp;J on whole wheat with ginger ale.
I had a dream last night where I was in Paris with a bunch of OBers for some event! Oddly, Gavin who actually lives in Paris wasn't there, but I remember seeing John and Steph, Jennyfur, Mark and a bunch of other people. We all arrived there kind of suddenly and confused on the street, and then found our way to a meetup in some modern-looking covered concrete sculpture/plaza thing. Steph was wearing a cute sundress and was talking about how she and some other people were going to a luau on the beach (???) that afternoon. I split off with some people and we wandered the streets quietly, maybe searching for something? We ended up on a street behind a zoo, and there were a lot of cats that I whipped out my phone to take pictures of. Then we tried to continue down one street but I saw all of these huge colorful spiders falling from a tree, which I thought were fake until they started to move. So we left. 

Weirdest trip to Paris ever?
I'm totally making that candy chicken this week.  Fuck yeah America.
I think this is appropriate - 

  I'm still crying. Seriously, I love America so much. Good job, you guys.  
So now Pentiums are going to go up in price, right?

Well that's just fucking great.
Since this rule was recently broken, how about a refresher.

*NEVER GIVE OUT THE AV CHAT PASSWORD!*
This was the cutest video. The part at the end when he just accepts his fate is priceless.
Ah holy crap callie, sounds like worst case scenario EVER ;p

Time to switch gyms/ trainers! Make sure you train on a day when they wont be there... might be awkward otherwise...

ugh i hate clueless men.

Which I know is MOST of men but...!!!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!
I absolutely love seeing girls with hair colors in correlation with their outfits. It really gives their outfit that special spice and uniqueness.
AUUUUGH I just want someone to TALK to about this!!  I am so lucky my girlfriend and I are on the exact same page with how we're feeling about this situation but I want to get some outside opinion on it so we know how it would look to normal people instead of us who find it far less weird than we probably should.  I just want to write about how I'm feeling but I'm even afraid of posting about it much here except for what can be discussed in the Sexy TMI thread and just.  My head is exploding over this. :c

Weirdest situation.
As can be said from my new profile pic, the photobooth was awesome! Thank you so much for running it! :D
btw I'm debt free :)
there's this guy who i used to play D&amp;D with (thank god he left) who was the least sanitary person i have ever met. i remember him telling the group that he only showered every once in a while (once a week at most, i think). not to say nothing about his ogre like appearance, non existant social skills, worst haircut ever, and the fact that he is about as dumb as a post.  but yeah, the guy made me want to gag every time i was in the same building with him. guys like that should be shuffled off with a dull fucking spoon.
(I'm the kind of person that my entire day can be completely shat on....but puppies will make EVERYTHING better)
If there is something I distrust more than the government it is big corporate telecom companies.  I don't see any way this would or even could be good for the average user.
9th is much better for me than the 2nd; just gonna have to cut out around 4-5 to head over to the Penitentiary
Dear ___,

That was low...bitch.
This may be the sexiest thread ever.  This is totally the sexiest thread ever.  
mango~
I totally didn't get this until they explained it in the article.
I'm excited that Hinata has made a full recovery.  Her &quot;Thank God, Naruto.&quot; line has me looking forward to how the two develop in the future.
Look, y'all, I just want to smoke a bowl and watch old horror movies in peace, okay?

Only if I get to return the favour.

I refuse to believe no one else can find sexy photos of Bo Jackson.
System Requirements:
Supports two Accordion HeroTM USB controllers
2GHz or faster CPU, 512MB RAM, DX9.0C compatible video card w/128 MB RAM

--------------------

That screams bloated to me.
I'd rather see a list of companies that aren't mis-using bailout funds, it seems like it would be shorter an less irritating. Every week there seems to be some bank or firm that has made off like a bandit with taxpayer money that this taxpayer didn'...

HSBC is a good one to head up the list.
Grey Worm looks way too young. But I guess the signs of aging are messed up because, well, a major source of hormones has been forcibly removed.  We'll see how Daario looks with a blue beard.  
Here here
....................................................................
....................................................................
....................................................................

Jadzia and Worf get married.

Worf kills Gowron and it's fucking fantastic.

The Prophets are really wormhole aliens. And Sisko is one of them.
I think the weather's calling for scattered showers/storms, which means the roof may not be accessible this time, but most of the porch should still stay dry. :/ Miss those of you not making it, but I will probably just bring/have whatever beer I have left to/for the next event.  Someone left their industrial-size black dildo at my place. I think it may be part of the margarita blender. Thanks to everyone who made it out.  
Wah wah wah my earliest memories are of needles from before 3!

Try living in the hospital from 8 months to 3 years and getting more than 3000 shots in that time. Suck my nuts because I don't feel bad for you.

I almost died because I have a severe allergy to Morphine. Does this mean nobody should use morphine ever? Does Morphine cause autism? WAIT MAYBE MORPHINE CAUSED MY CANCER!



BAN MORPHINE IT ALSO GAVE ME SEIZURES AND ADHD AND ASTHMA AND HELL IT ALSO MADE ME BORN INTERSEX!


This is what anti-vaccine people are doing.


Jennie-you reacted the way you did because you're ALLERGIC to somethiing from what the vaccine was grown in. You can't &quot;not handle that much biological information&quot;, that's not how our immune systems work. We are CONSTANTLY bombarded with bacteria and virii our entire lives. There is constantly some foreign body in us, we just don't always have a huge reaction to it.
WHY ARE THERE BIRDS AWAKE

IT IS 3:42 AM

The birds must go to sleep so that I may sleep
See you in the XCOM thread, Commander.
Mars has two moons: Phobos and Deimos. But they're pretty tiny. Not even massive enough for gravity to have crushed them into a spherical shape. They're pretty much  just asteroids.

It sounds like the liquid water nominally exists under the surface, but there are outflows every once in a while that they can catch with the Mars Global Surveyor. Can there be 'tides' underground? Is Earth's groundwater subject to tidal motion? I have no idea.
OMG this story lol.  I am hoping the next report is &quot;An anonymous report from a man or women dressed as character named Pikkachu reported to 911 they were in the rave at the hotel.&quot;
