Note: I own nothing but the story idea. { } = Dream sequences.

Prologue

The aged wizard stood over his lost love's grave remembering. They had first met on the Hogwart's Express when they were both eleven years old and had formed a bond right from the start. At first it had been just the ordinary bond of friendship that any two boys attending school away from home for the first time might share. Later, however, it hat deepened, and ripened into a deep abiding love.

They had had a few fights of course as young boys are wont to do, but they had always made up again afterwards. Neither one had ever been able to stay mad at the other for long.

The old wizard sighed, and wiped a tear from one faded green eye. They had been together for more than eight decades before death had paid them a call, and he missed his mate terribly.

After gently laying a bouquet of roses at the base of the headstone the old wizard slowly ambled off to catch the Knight bus home. Darkness slowly crept over the world, but in the fading light of sunset the words stood out boldly.

Here lies Ronald Weasley-Potter,
beloved husband and father.
May he rest in peace for eternity.

Chapter One: What Happened to...?

He found his dinner set out for him by the fire when he returned home. Muggles may have invented many labor saving devices over the years, but nothing could ever match the abilities of the humble house elf. He smiled. The creatures were loyal to a fault and never complained of the long hours, even when the kids had been young and underfoot. Many of them had been with his family since he and Ron had first wed and were starting to get on in years themselves now. Both he and Ron had seen to it that their wills included provisions for the tiny creatures. No matter what happened to him they would be provided for. He dozed in his chair.

{He was in potions class. What was it they were supposed to be brewing again? He looked round the room. Everyone was busy with their own potions. Great. How was he supposed to brew the potion if he had no idea what he was supposed to be making?

"Stir it counter-clock wise five times Mr. Potter."

That voice! He'd know it anywhere, but the potion master was no where in sight. What was going on?

"I said, stir it counter-clock wise five times Mr. Potter."

The voice seemed to be coming from right in front of him, but how could that be? He looked down into his cauldron. There, floating in the thick grey goo lay the head of Severus Snape. Its eyes glaring at him.

"Did you not hear me Mr. Potter," it said."}

Harry screamed, and opened his eyes to find that he was sitting by his fire. Whew. Just a bad dream then. He poured a brandy, and forced himself to sip it slowly rather than gulp it down. Of course it had just been a dream. How could it be otherwise? Professor Snape had finished out his life in St. Mungo's many years ago. Bellatrix LeStrange had seen to that. Voldemort had given her the task of dealing with the potion master when his role as spy for the order had been discovered, and she had dealt with him in the same manner that she'd dealt with Neville's parents.
Harry shuddered. The last time he'd seen the man he'd been dressed in an adult diaper and hospital gown. There had been no spark of recognition in his eyes. Just the broken shell of a man sitting in a corner drooling on himself.

So many years had passed since he'd fulfilled his destiny and defeated Voldemort once and for all, and many of his friends were now gone. He'd kept in touch with a few of them over the years of course, but even wizards are mortal. He summoned his photo album.

Colin Creevey: he'd gone on to become a photographer for the Daily Prophet. Harry smiled, remembering all the pictures Colin had taken of him when they were at school together. The younger man's choice of career hadn't surprised Harry in the least.

Hermione Granger: she'd gone on to start a column in the Daily Prophet that had been titled "Dear Auntie" of all things. Wizards and witches from all over the world had written her asking for advice of all sorts. She'd passed on just five years ago of old age. She had never married claiming that tying herself down to a man would cramp her style. It made sense, but it was a load of garbage. The reason that she'd never married was that the man she wanted was already taken. The man of her dreams had married Harry instead. Poor Hermione.

Rubeus Hagrid: still hale and hearty, if a bit gray, after more than a century of being the caretaker of Hogwarts. Shortly after the war ended he'd married 'Olympie' and proceeded over the next decade to have a family with her. By the time his eldest received his letter Hagrid had become the father of an even dozen children. Young Rubeus, or junior as his friends called him, had inherited his father's love of animals and his mother's common sense. When he was old enough Ron's brother Charlie had taken him on as an apprentice. Harry was proud of the boy. He remembered when jr. was born. Hagrid and Olympie had asked him and Ron to be the child's godparents, and they had accepted the offer, knowing how great an honor it was.

He sat in his chair thinking til sleep crept up on him. And with sleep came the dreams.

Harry slept deeply, not even stirring when two of his house elves gently carried him to his bed. The great wizard had always been kind to them and they were determined to make him as comfortable as possible in his old age. He rarely went out anymore, except when he visited master Ron's grave, and they worried about him. The only time when he truely seemed to come alive anymore was when one of the children was around. And then there was the issue of his health. He wasn't a young man anymore, and his health was slowly beginning to fail. It was fairly certain that one night he would close his eyes in sleep and fail to wake the next day. He'd refused to even consider an elderly care home however. When one of the children had tried talking him into it he'd been told that, "I've spent most of my life in this house and I don't intend to live anywhere else." Much as they worried about their father the children had been wise enough not to try forcing the matter. Even as old as he was their parent was still a force to be reckoned with. In the end all they'd been able to do was ask the house elves to keep an extra special eye on him. If the old wizard was aware of the "special" survailance he was under he never gave any sign of it.

* * *

{ He was running late again. For some reason the tempus spell that he'd cast the night before hadn't worked properly and he'd had just enough time to get dressed before his first class. He groaned. Potions with Snape was bad enough, but it was even worse on an empty stomach. When he reached the corridor he noticed it was empty. Perhaps he'd be lucky and get to class before everyone else for a change. It would be nice not being late for once. He opened the door and walked in.

"Mr. Potter, how nice of you to put in an appearance. 10 points from Gryffindor for your tardiness."

Harry sighed. Great, just great. What else could go wrong this morning? He found a seat next to Ron and looked at the black board. Hmm. Just his luck, a sleeping potion. If there was one thing he needed it was a way to wake up, not fall asleep. He could do that just fine on his own thank you very much. Only then the dreams would come.

Ch. 3: Voldemort

The battle had been raging for several hours, and Harry was near exhaustion. What had been intended as a relaxing visit to Hogsmeade had swiftly turned into a nightmare. One minute he'd been in Honeydukes selecting a box of every flavor beans and the next he'd found himself in unfamiliar surroundings. Someone had obviously turned the box into a portkey. He'd just begun to recover from the surprise when an all to familiar voice had addressed him.

"We meet again Harry Potter."

He turned. Voldemort! Great, just great. He had just known when he got up that morning that he should have turned right around and gone back to bed, but he hadn't listened to himself, and now he was face to face with his old nemesis Voldemort. He sighed. What was with the man anyway. Didn't he have anything else better to do with his time than pick petty fights with Harry?

"What do you want Voldemort?"

"I should think that would be obvious. I want you dead. Crucio!"

Harry dodged at the last second and heard someone behind him scream in pain. No doubt several of the evil wizard's minions had been positioned to prevent his escape. It was shaping up to be a very long day.

Voldemort hurled curse after curse at Harry, all to no avail. He'd learned much from his earlier duels with the old snake and even had some private tutoring from Dumbledor as well. Moreover he was giving back just as good as he got. The air round the two wizards fairly crackled with magic as each tried desperatly to destroy the other. Neither seemed able to gain an advantage over the other. Then Harry remembered something Dumbledor had told him. "A wizard's duel takes intense concentration. If your opponent succeeds in rattling you you may be in serious trouble. Harry decided to try taunting the other. Certainly nothing else seemed to be working.

"What's the matter Tom is it time for your evening nap?"

The glare Voldemort gave him would have melted steel, but Harry kept on. "Do the attendants at the old wizard's home know you've left without permission? Your toupee is slipping a bit by the way." He could see the rage building in Voldemort's eyes. This was beginning to be fun. "Of course it must be embarrassing when they come in to change your diaper," Harry said knowingly. "After all it wouldn't do for the rest of the wizarding world to know that the dark lord wets..."

"Enough!" Voldemort hurled the most powerful curse he could imagine at his opponent. One that made the killing curse seem pleasant by comparison and felt what was left of his hair (as he really did wear a toupee) stand on end as he saw Harry deflect the spell back at him seemingly without effort. He turned to stone and began to swiftly crumble away to nothing. Harry barely noticed. The reboundus spell had taken more out of him than he thought it would. He stumbled over to the box of candy and fell across it. He heard a scream and then everything went black.

Ch. 4: Recovery

When Harry next opened his eyes he found himself in what appeared to be the Hospital wing of Hogwarts. Great, just great, he thought. With the number of times I've been here over the years I really aught to think about buying my own bed and have a few posters put up on the wall.

"Ah good you're awake. Welcome back Harry."

He squinted. Without his glasses all he could see were soft blurs. Was that Dumbledore? He began to feel round for his glasses. Ah, there they were. He put them on and turned back toward his visitor. Sure enough it was Dumbledore. He had a feeling it was going to be a very long day.

Half an hour later Dumbledore had left and Harry was just starting to doze off when Ron and Hermione dropped by. They both had a look of intense relief on their faces. Considering that Dumbledore had told him that he'd been unconscious for almost two solid weeks he guessed that he could understand it. Sometimes he had a feeling that someone somewhere had put a cosmic "kick me" sign on his back and the world, and most particularly Voldemort, had a liking for kick the Harry or something.
First his parents were killed leaving him with only his evil muggle relatives, then he had to save the philospher's stone from Quirrel who wanted it for Voldemort, then there was the incident with Tom Riddle's diary, next had come the shock of finding out about his godfather, then the tri-wizard tournament and the battle at the ministry of magic. And those had been just the highlights. If he were to write a book about everything that had happened to him over the past few years it would be a best seller. Not because it was true (which it would be), but because he was the boy who lived.

* * *

It had been a very strange month. First the ministry had finally cleared Sirius' name, even if it was a good dozen years too late, then there had been the meetings with the auror's during which he'd had to repeat his story of Voldemort's demise so often he felt like a broken record that had yet to be removed from the turn table. If all that hadn't been enough there was the strange turn that his relationship with Ron seemed to be taking. One morning he'd been sitting across from his best friend at breakfast and it had occured to him how handsome Ron was. That had really thrown him for a loop. Ron handsome? What in Merlin's name was he doing thinking about Ron in that way? THe worst part was the occasional glares that Hermione seemed to be giving him since then. It was like she was trying to tell him without the use of words to keep away from her property. He'd wanted to tell her not to worry, that he didn't want that sort of relationship with Ron, but for some reason he just couldn't.

"Harry?"

"Yes Ron?"

"You ok?"

"Yeah, why?"

"I dunno. You just seemed to be spacing out a bit."

"I guess I'm just a bit tired. Studying for the n.e.w.t.s. on top of everything else has taken a lot out of me."

"Well, just remember if you need anything, I mean anything, I'm here for you Harry." Ron smiled at him a strange look in his eyes.

"Thanks Ron I appreciate that." What was going on. Ron had never looked at him like that before. Or was it just that he'd never noticed his friend look at him like that before? He was so confused.

Ch. 5: The Stars

The n.e.w.t.s were approaching fast and time seemed to be telescoping shut the nearer they came. This evening they had to study the planet Venus and its interactions with the rest of the celestrial spheres or some such thing. Harry sighed. It was likely to be a long night. Several weeks had passed since he'd first noticed the looks that Ron seemed to be giving him when he thought Harry wasn't looking, and he was more and more puzzled by what they could mean. In the meanwhile Hermione had almost stopped talking to either of them. She claimed to not have time for idle chit chat now that the finals were just over the horizon, but the excuse just didn't ring true to Harry. Something else was bothering her, and he wanted to know what.

They had been at it for several hours now and Harry still couldn't fathom what looking at a smog covered dot had to do with anything magical. Still the stars were pretty. Especially when they were reflected in a pair of beautiful blue eyes. Merlin. There he went again. He had to get those thoughts out of his mind. Ron could never think of him that way, could he? He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned to see Ron looking at him, his eyes smoky with concern and, and something else. Without thinking he reached up and caressed Rons face for a moment before moving in closer for a kiss. To his surprise Ron didn't push him away in disgust, but instead kissed him back with equal intensity. For a moment all was still, then a barely audible gasp reached his ears. He turned just in time to see Hermione running for the exit of the tower.

"Bloody hell," Ron swore as he too realized what had just happened. Harry couldn't agree more. He sighed. Why did life always have to be so infernally complicated?

Ch.6: A New Dawn

Over the next few weeks Ron felt the bond between Harry and him change. They had always been best friends and though he sensed that their relationship had changed Ron could tell that Harry didn't seem quite ready to discuss it. Assuming he was aware of it of course. Instead Ron found excuses to be the other's company as much as possible. The one fly in the ointment was that Hermione had become cool and distant towards both of them, especially to Harry.
Ron tossed and turned in his bed, unable to sleep. He was fed up. He knew that Hermione was upset about him and Harry, but it wasn't as if either of them owed her an explaination or anything. Besides he could see how it was tearing his boyfriend up inside every time... Hold on a minute where did that thought come from? He'd always cared about Harry, but when had he started to consider him as his boyfriend? He shook his head. What was happening to him? Was he, gasp, gay? He suspected that he might be and if Harry's reaction to their first kiss was any indication then Harry was as well. The idea concerned him, not because of what his parents would think if and when they found out, but because of the trouble that little git Malfoy would no doubt cause when it became common knowledge. Rising he quickly dressed and began almost without thinking to make his way to the astronomy tower. He needed to think. He was so wrapped up in his own turbulant thoughts that he didn't hear the sounds of someone following him unseen.

* * * *

Harry was worried. He'd awakened from a dream to see Ron quietly getting dressed. It was apparent that the other hadn't been sleeping well of late and that something was bothering him. On the spur of the moment Harry determined to follow him and find out what was bothering his best friend, the boy he'd fallen in love with.
Whoa! Where did that come from? It was true that he'd always cared for the red head, at times had even thought of him like a brother, but since when had he fallen in love with him? He sighed quietly to himself. Why couldn't even one thing in his life be simple. He was a boy for Merlin's sake. Boys weren't supposed to feel this way towards other boys, were they? He didn't really know anymore. His life had been total confusion of one sort or another as long as he could remember. It had been easily understood confusion for ten of his years, and then had come the letter. He almost laughed aloud remembering how the Dursley's had tried to prevent him from getting it. They had failed of course, and his life hadn't been the same since. Now he looked ahead to the end of the school year with a mixture of fear and longing. Voldemort was gone, and his most powerful supporters were either dead or in Askaban for life. Those few death eaters who had escaped punishment were too few and too weak to cause trouble. They held no fear for him. No. What scared him was the uncertainty of what to do with the rest of his life. He would never have to return to privit drive again. He could go out into the world and live where he pleased once he was out of school, and the thought scared him to death. He shook his head. Worrying would get him nowhere. He followed Ron up the stairs of the astonomy tower.
He'd just spotted Ron when he heard it. It could be almost anything, but he knew what or rather who it was. Filch! Didn't the man ever sleep? Thank Merlin he'd worn his invisibility cloak. Quickly making his way over to the other boy he lifted it and rearranged it to cover them both. The look in the other boys eyes was priceless. Noticing he was going to speak Harry put a finger to his friends lips indicating he was to remain silent. Merlin's beard but Ron's lips were so soft under his fingers. The room became brighter as Filch entered the room holding his lantern. He seemed to be searching for something. Probably hoping to catch some snogging students, Harry thought with a suppressed giggle. If he only knew. They waited, silently, till the old caretaker left before speaking.

"Harry, what are you doing here?"

"Well, I, that is, I followed you Ron."

"Followed me?"

"Yeah."

"Why?"

"Well I've been wanting to talk to you in private for some time now and the chance never seemed to come up, til now that is."

Ron nodded. He'd expected this to happen. He just wasn't sure he was ready for it yet. Of course he might never be really ready. Perhaps it was best to get it over with. "O.k., let's talk."

* * *

The sun was just beginning to peep over the horizon when they made their way back to the dorms. There were still some things to be discussed but Ron was confident that they could deal with them. For the first time in a long while he went to sleep with a smile on his face. He had his Harry. Nothing else mattered.

Ch. 7: Important Decisions

Harry felt at a loss for what to do. He loved Ron and was not ashamed of it. Quite the opposite in fact. He wanted to spend the rest of his life with the red headed wizard, but how to ask him? There was also the issue of what the reaction of Ron's family would be, not to mention when to ask him. He knew he was being irrational by worrying about it, but he couldn't help himself. Even facing Voldemort had been easier than the fact he'd have to face a houseful of Weasley's, and ask for his love's hand. Still, he knew there was no way out of it. They might turn away from him, but as long as Ron was still there he could deal with anything. He supposed the when was actually an easy question to answer. After the n.e.w.t.s were complete and they were out of school would be best. They would both need total concentration to do their best. It would be hard to wait, but he had a feeling it would be well worth it. Gazing across the library table he saw his boyfriend struggling with Snape's potion essay. Some things never changed. Other teachers might cut back on the amount of homework assigned now that the n.e.w.t.s were only weeks away, but Snape wasn't most teachers. If anything he seemed to assign more homework than most. Well at least it wouldn't be long now and it would all be behind them, and then... He smiled to himself, and then.

WARNING!!

These stories contain graphic descriptions of sex, group sex, rape, sodomy, both anal and oral, bestiality and incest. If these subjects bother you, I urge you not to read them.
Do not read them if you are under 18, or if by doing so you would
be committing any sort of crime. You have been warned!

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________


My Sluts
Chapter One



My wife Cindy and I have been married 16 years. We got married when we were
still in collage. Cindy is 34, 5' 2, 105 lb. with long blond hair to her 34B
breasts. She is way more attractive than I had ever dreamed about when I was
teenager jerking off in my bedroom. She also sports a year round light tan
with tiny bikini marks at her nipples and shaved bare crotch. Her face is so
innocent looking with perfect complexion, deep blue eyes and a small cute
upturned nose. When we go out to nightclubs she still gets carded because
everyone thinks she is only 18 or 19 years old, especially when she wears
trendy teen clothing that fits her so well. I'm 36 years old  5' 7" and only
135 lb., blond and wiry my name is Andy. I feel lucky to have such a lovely
and passionate woman. Cindy and I have a 14 year old daughter Jenny who is a
lovely younger version of my wife except her hair is very long and extends
down past her slim waist. Jenny often whereas her hair braided and combined
with her Catholic school uniform often make her look even younger.  When
Jenny and Cindy are together they look like sisters who are just a few years
apart in age. Jenny is maturing very nicely at 4'10", 90 lb. and small teen
girl breasts that can't be larger than 32". She really is still small and has
allot more development ahead of her. Cindy and I are very protective of her.
We don't even let her date yet and require her to maintain almost straight
A's in school. All in all I'd have to say we are the perfect family. Little
did I know that very shortly our innocent family life was in for a profound
change...

Our Sex life has been very good or so I thought. Before we got married Cindy
was a virgin and I had a few other sex partners but only a few. Our collage
years gave us enough open mindedness to let us experiment with all types of
sex. Cindy would never let me fuck her ass ever, or her pussy without a
condom except when we wanted to have our daughter. I haven't felt her pussy
on my bare cock in nearly 15 years. Occasionally we roll play. Cindy's
favorite fantasy is to be tied spread eagle and helpless as the sacrificial
virgin to the sex Gods. In this position she is teased and brought to a high
degree of arousal before finally being taken by a dozen Nubian princes to
ensure her impregnation with the future High Priest or Priestess. Cindy
never fails to achieve several satisfying orgasms when we play this game. It
has become one of my favorite games also. I find nothing more of a turn on
then seeing my lovely Cindy in the throes of an intense orgasms.

"Ah my little love slave. You have been selected from all the most beautiful
virgin girls in the kingdom to be given the honor of bearing the child of our
newest High Priest." I said to Cindy with a hint of sadism in my voice while looking
down on her spread eagle body "The fertility slaves will find you most
attractive I'm sure!"

"Please, Nooo! Please don't hurt me I'm just a young girl what have I done to deserve this? Cindy said in a quivering fearful voice.

"You misunderstood me little girl. You will be given the most intense pleasure I assure you!" I said. Then I took my fingers and ever so gently brushed her nipples and teased them into stout hardness. Then lightly I ran my fingernails around the aureoles of her inviting breasts. This made Cindy sigh, quiver and start to breath heavily. As I kneeled over her now sweating face I gently teased her hairless pussy with my fingers. As she became very moist and wet between her legs she keep murmuring.

"Please No, Please No, Please No" in a soft almost resigning voice. 

"Let go of your inhibitions. Let the pleasure flood your body" I said in a soft encouraging voice.
Then I lowered my balls down on her nose and told her to lick my shaft. At the same time I inserted the tip of a large 10" penis shape ebony dildo into her now dripping pussy. Since it is made of pliable rubber Cindy says it feel very real. Cindy's heavy breathing and active tongue told me she was getting very horny. From below me I could hear a very nasty slurping sound accompanied by the fabulous sensation of Cindy's wet tongue on my balls and shaft. Slowly I pushed the black cock into her dripping snatch. When I reached 6" I stopped and started to pull it in and out with a steady rhythm. Cindy has never taken more then about 6" before she complained. So I was very careful not to hurt her. 

"AHHH yeaaa mmmmnnn" she moaned as I picked up the pace

"Take it! I know you love it!" I commanded as she started to pull against her ties and buck up into the penetrating ebony shaft. Suddenly she arched her back and froze as her first intense orgasm overcame her. When Cindy's mouth opened to take a deep breath I quickly inserted my cock almost completely down her throat.

"mmmmphhh nnmmph slurp"  came from her almost choking mouth along with a steady stream of drool and spit mixed with my precum. I treated Cindy like nothing but a sperm receptacle! Continuing to thrust the ebony cock faster and faster Cindy began to have multiple waves of orgasmic release.

 "AHHHH YEEEE" she squealed around my shaft. 

"Take it you SLUT" I shouted as I rammed my cock till her nose was slapped by my balls. Her cock sucking ability was my greatest pleasure and I take advantage of it whenever I can. 
"YOU WANT MY CUM DON'T YOU!" I was now literally fucking her mouth like a pussy! Boy was she hot. 

"MMMmpphhhhh Slurppp..." came out of her stuffed mouth as I shot at least three big spurts of my cum into her mouth and throat. She swallowed every bit. 
 
"Thank you dear" she said in her girl like voice. I looked down as my now shriveling cock slipped out of her mouth dragging a stringy rope of cum across her face a left eye. We both began to laugh. "You make feel like such a slut and it make me so hot."

"I love you so much Cindy. That was wonderful. Your such a lady when we are out in public and then you let me treat you like a slut in bed." I said while I started to lay down next to her forgetting she was still tied spread eagle. We drifted into sleep with her still tied and cum socked complete with that 10" ebony cock still in her sopping pussy.


	At night, I thought happy thoughts as I made my way along the road, 
my destination - home. I had just experienced something I had dreamed of for 
a long time but never expected to come to me. It had come so unexpectedly, 
too.
	That afternoon, I had stepped off the train into the hot summer air, 
and began a slow walk home. I had spent most of the day in town, just bumming

around, as I had only about ten bucks to my name and no one I liked with me. 
I shuffled slowly through the smelly subway, and emerged near the cheapo
movie 
theatre. I sat on the nearby concrete steps, just reflecting on the way my 
life was going.
	School was no longer a real concern for me, having finished Year 12 
about two months ago. I was glad, yet sad to leave my school, as there were 
many people I hadn't liked and I didn't do as well as I had liked. However, 
I believed I had seen the last of a girl who I stupidly fell in love with.
	Her name was Kathy, and, firstly, my love(?) was hopeless. Not being 
very well versed on the subject, I had mistaken platonic for romantic love 
many times, which had just made my lot worse. I had immediately become 
infatuated with her when I first saw her, which had been the year before. 
She was the object of many a guys desires. She had ash blonde hair, slightly 
brown at the roots, and large deep blue eyes, which you could easily lose 
yourself in. Her face was good looking, with a slightly upturned nose and 
normal feminine lips. She was a little short for her age, but she made up 
for it with her figure. Her breasts were her most noticeable assets, though, 
which were easily the largest and nicest I had ever seen. Most of her body 
was well tanned, as she came from a beach side town and must have spent lots 
of her time cultivating her brown skin tone. I had never even said a word 
to her, other than 'Excuse me...', or 'Sorry...' before, and couldn't bring 
myself to, either. It was just to much of a strain on my courage to even 
think of starting a pleasant conversation with someone as beautiful as that. 
She was also not available, which further compounded things. Visions of her 
loveliness also haunted my wakeful moments near sleep, and her presence in 
classes shattered any hope of concentration or work. I believed it was her 
who wrecked my chances of good marks, as I spent my time staring at her in 
class while her head was turned.
	One fateful study lesson I was sitting near her, and, as she was 
obviously bored, struck up an innocent conversation with me. That was the 
first wedge she pounded into the cracks in my already vulnerable and flawed 
heart. We only discussed the future after school, as that subject was on 
everyone's mind at the time. I found out some things about her, but not 
much. She was only really interested in telling me about herself, she didn't 
want to hear anything about me. This gave me some insight into her 
personality, but mostly I only heard her voice without comprehending the 
words, saw the grace of her body, and just nodded politely and tried to say 
the right things. The crack that her presence had made slowly widened, and 
a romantic ideal of her entered my heart and became firmly lodged.
	After that, I began to talk to her more often, and hope started to 
flicker within my cleft heart, and my nether regions. One lunch time I 
approached her, and tried to talk to her, and she replied just politely as 
she was busy with an assignment. I went a little distance away to watch her 
and work at the same time. Her damn boyfriend showed up, and she went with 
him, not giving me a look as she left. Hope once again died, and I told 
myself to stop worrying about her, as I would never see her again after 
school. I consoled myself with that, but my heart still pounded and my 
stomach ached at the thought of her for a while. I soon forgot her, or so 
I thought, when school broke for the last time.
	Now, today, I had met that damn girl again.
	As I sat, something brushed me on the shoulder. I looked for the 
source of this annoyance, and saw Kathy. Once again, the pounding and the 
ache returned in full force. She wasn't wearing clothes that are made to 
turn a guy on, but I liked her in them just the same. Her button up top was 
just tight enough to reveal a good deal of her generous bust (which I and 
many others had commented on many times), and her jeans shorts with frayed 
bottoms showed off her tanned, smooth legs. The smile on her face was not 
reassuring the dominant, pessimistic part of my conscience, which told me 
'Don't get any ideas! She isn't pleased to see you, its just politeness 
and you can't have her. Don't even think about it!'. It was my usual instinct

to follow this portion of my brain, as it was often quite right. This time, 
however, I told it coldly 'Shut up, there's always a first time'. Luck was 
with me at present, for I didn't have to kick off the conversation. She, 
unknowingly saving me from embarrassment, began simply
	"Hi!"
	Well, I told you it was a simple, humble beginning. Most conversations 
start this way, instead of beginning with a deep and meaningful conversation.

Anyway, incredulity prompted me to blurt out
	"Hi. How come you're down here?"
	It was a well known fact that she had been a boarder at school, and 
had come from a sleepy beach side town way up north.
	"I'm renting a flat near here. Uni starts soon, so I've moved back 
down here. What about you?"
	What the hell will I tell her? Something smart? Sophisticated? Suave? 
Nope.
	"I've just been hanging around town. Nothing really better to do. So, 
how did your results go?"
	"Pretty good. I know you must have done well."
	That one hit me. She knew I had done well! Pity her prediction was 
wrong, but it certainly stuck a chord.
	"Not really, I'm afraid."
	"Will you get into a course?"
	"I certainly hope so!"
	"Don't worry, you will."
	She was slowly edging her way toward the movie theatre, in what I 
thought seemed like an attempt to get away. I moved quickly to catch up. She 
didn't seem to mind too much that I had pretended to miss the hint to leave 
her be.
	"What are you doing now?"
	She turned and gestured towards the cinema. I thanked my respective 
gods that the place was cheap.
	"You don't mind if I come along, do you?"
	"No, go ahead. I really don't like seeing movies alone anymore."
	Hey, I was in with a small, slight chance here. Why hadn't I tried 
this with other girls before? That part of my brain butted in again 'Because 
you're a coward, boy!' I reminded the pessimist in my head who was boss.
	We went into the movie theatre. Luckily, tickets were only $5 that 
day, as it was discount day. Happily, I paid for both of us to make a good 
impression, then we strolled into the theatre. It was almost unoccupied, 
apart from a few patrons near the middle. Kathy headed towards the back of 
the theatre, and we sank into the padded black vinyl covered seats. I could 
feel her presence next to me rather strongly, but I steeled myself and 
settled back to try and enjoy the movie and Kathy's close proximity.

				*       *       *

	Inevitably, the movie we were watching turned on the kissing and 
romantic music, and the sex scene between the hero and the heroine began. I 
silently hoped that this might pop some slight suggestions into Kathy's head,

but I wasn't expecting miracles. But, hoping didn't prepare me for what 
happened next. I felt a touch on my hand which was on the seat armrest. 
Kathy's had was resting on top of mine, contracting every now and then, 
inviting me to spread my fingers and take her hand in mine. I did, and she 
didn't react unfavourably at all. She picked up my hand slowly, and put it 
down on her thigh. Wow! I just left it there for a second, wondering what 
the hell she was playing at. Her hand then moved across to me, and went 
straight for my crotch. She felt around there, and easily found the erection 
I had been harbouring ever since our meeting just a half hour ago. She gently

caressed my dick through my pants, and I became very hard indeed. My breath 
became ragged as passion started to course through my veins. My hand started 
to caress her thigh, moving slowly up and down her smooth legs, then I slowly

slid it up towards her breasts. I looked at her face, and she looked back 
smiling, and I felt the curves of her bust. My hand moved to feel the nipple 
of her right breast through her top, and it felt hard.  My dick was throbbing

with the beat of my heart, and a feeling of pleasure ached in my dick. 
It started to feel more and more urgent, and 
	"You'd better stop before I come right here," I said to her, 
embarrassed.
	"Well don't keep it to yourself, come and share it with me!" she 
replied, with a hungry sounding voice.
	She stood up, and moved towards the toilets at the back of the cinema. 
I followed her as she entered the ladies room. The white fluorescent light 
was almost painfully bright compared to the semi-lit darkness back in the 
theatre. I locked the door behind me, then checked all the cubicles for any 
unwanted observers. Kathy sat on the blue tiled bench protruding from the 
wall. She patted a spot next to her. I sat next to her.
	"Why are you doing this?" I asked her, mystified. I had heard many 
times that women wanted love, not just sex. And besides, she had that 
bastard boyfriend anyway.(or did she?)
	"You do want me, don't you?" She asked me. No way I was stuffing 
this up. I decided to go for plain home truth.
	"That goes without saying! I've wanted you since the first moment 
I met you."
	"Well, why question it?"
	I had to leave it at that. No way was I missing out on this! I reached 
up, and pushed aside a lock of her hair that had fallen across her face, then

we began kissing, our tongues intertwining while hands slipped up and down 
each others backs. After a long minute, we stopped. I looked at her slightly 
parted lips as breath wheezed through them. I looked her body up and down 
openly. My mouth wanted to explore every inch of her, and it moved to her 
neck, and I began kissing her there, then down slowly to the line where skin 
ended and her top's cloth began. I focused my attention on her tits. These 
were one of the reasons why I really wanted to fuck her, and fuck her good.
	"You want to see these, don't you?" She said, motioning to her 
breasts. I nodded with a smile. Slowly she undid her top button, then 
another, then another in a slow, teasing manner. Half-way her chest two 
tanned curves like a backward pair of parentheses showed her hidden bounty. 
The top hung loosely against her body as the last button came slowly undone. 
Kathy held her arms out, revealing more of her beautiful smooth skin, and 
invited me to remove her top, which I did with relish. Her whole torso was 
as tanned as the rest of her, including her breasts. And what breasts they 
were!. They were wondrous. There was too much in each for just one handful, 
and I had very large hands. The nipples were standing out from large brown 
areoles. I cupped each in my hands, then ran my hands around them slowly. 
I began stroking the nipples, and her head lent back as far as it could, 
and a sigh escaped her lips. Her hands enfolded around the back of my head, 
and with gentle persuasion she pushed my head into her cleavage. I kissed 
the furrow in between her two mountains, then moved to her left breast. 
I enclosed as much of her in my mouth as I could, and began to suck her tit 
while stroking the nipple with my tongue. She was definitely enjoying this 
stimulation as much as I was. I moved over to her right breast and gave it 
the same treatment while stroking the left one. Soon her pleased face began 
to fall slightly.
	I was still fully clothed while she was half naked already. She 
looked down my body, then more contentedly at my trousers, and told me to 
stand up. When I stood, she reached over, undid the cord that helped hold 
up my board shorts, then shoved them down to my ankles. She looked at my 
short briefs, and saw that my very hard erection was attempting to see the 
light of day. She grabbed by briefs and pulled them off. I barely had time 
to step out of them and kick them aside as she went down on my penis. Her 
lips touched my dick's tip, and her tongue emerged, and flicked the eye 
of my tool, tasting the clear liquid which had started to emerge. The taste 
seemed to appeal to her, as her sensuous lips parted to let me in like I had 
just thrust past the lips of her womanhood. Her tongue wrapped around my dick

and caressed it, making the length she had fit in her mouth warm and wet. She

moved her head up and down on my dick, and my hips started to follow her 
motions, pushing into her mouth as she came down on me. The urgent ache 
returned, and built, igniting a fire in my loins and in my 
already-dulled-from-pleasure brain. The pressure became undeniable, and I 
let loose my load of cum into her mouth with a whirlwind of ecstasy and a 
good feeling of relief. She smiled and swallowed, licking her lips. I sat 
back down and slid my throbbing member out of her mouth, which was starting 
to limpen slightly.
	"My turn now!" she said coyly to me, and a smile came onto her face 
which made her look like a naughty child. My hands went to the sides of her 
body, and moved lovingly down to her jeans shorts. I undid the button and 
slid them down her beautiful legs. White lace panties were revealed, showing 
yet hiding a great deal from my view. My half limp tool began to come to 
life again at the sight of a black/brown patch, visible through her 
translucent underwear, just between her legs, and the mound shape which 
showed through. This was something I had wanted to see, touch, taste and 
smell for many of my pubescent years. She slipped her hands into the sides 
of her panties, and imitated a strip tease as they slowly slid down her legs,

taking her last stitch of clothing with her. Her pubic hair, a browny colour 
showed its presence and did not quite reveal her mound underneath it. She sat

up on the bench and spread her legs wide invitingly, revealing fully what she

had between her legs. Her cunt was wet now from our petting. I decided to 
return the favour for her, and my head went between her legs. I began to lick

her pussy from the bottom up, tasting her excreta. My tongue came out and 
pressed against her frilly lips, then parted them and I worked it as far 
inside as I could. It became a small dick with which I probed her, until she 
started breathing heavily and moaning. For a second I thought she might get 
loud and the whole cinema would know what was going on. She started to buck 
on the bench, her hips moving with my rhythm as I worked her over as well as 
I could. I stopped with my tongue, then began with two fingers. I pushed and 
probed the sides of her vagina, looking for particular spots which had more 
effect on her arousal.
	"Oh!" she moaned, as I continued my exploration, and she began to 
moan louder and louder, then it became muffled. She must have put a hand over

er mouth. Her juices were flowing liberally. I wondered how much more 
stimulation she could take, I'd put her through a lot. Suddenly, Kathy 
shuddered, and the walls of her vagina contracted on my fingers, trying to 
pull them in. She fell forward onto me, and she had a contented smile on her 
face. I slipped my fingers out, started to wipe them off on my shirt, but 
thought better of it and licked my fingers clean while she watched.
	"That was good." she sighed. For a few minutes we sat in each others 
arms, just enjoying the aura we felt from each other.
	"Well, I think I'll take you up on you offer now," I said to her.
	"What's that?" she said.
	"Remember you said something about sharing my load with you?"
	"Oh yes. You're right. It's time to stop playing and start fucking!"
	Yes! All this so far had been pretty damn good, but was what I had 
been waiting for for a long time. We kissed again, small pecks first, then 
increasing the time our lips met and our tongues played with each other. I 
broke the kiss, and began to stimulate Kathy's nipples again, while her 
small, feminine hands took hold of my dick, and stroked it lovingly up 
and down.
	"Sing while you fuck me, will you?" she requested.
	I was taken aback for a moment.
	"Sing what?"
	"Oh, anything suitable."
	I thought for a moment, then knew a perfect song which expressed my 
feelings. We spread our shed clothed on the floor, I lay down, and she knelt 
over me, legs astride. My dick stood high, then began to disappear into her 
pussy. The head of my dick was engulfed in a wonderful, warm wet feeling. She

lowered herself gently till she had taken every last millimetre I had to 
give. I had to sigh with pleasure, it felt so good! She began to slowly move 
up and down on my dick, keeping a slow rhythm. I matched her pace. She leant 
over me, her long blonde tresses caressing my face, her large breasts 
touching then squashing into my chest.
	"Start singing..." she said dreamily, she voice dropping in volume 
during the semi-sentence she uttered.
	I began, but had to stop every now and then, as my breath kept 
inexplicably leaving me. Kathy began to moan softly, her pace quickened 
slightly. I continued with the song. My voice, not perfectly tuned for 
singing as it was, started to get husky, and I stopped the coital lullaby. 
Kathy didn't seem to mind, she was almost in her own private world. Her 
head was leaning back, her eyes shut, her mouth open, still moaning. They 
started to get louder, and our pace quickened once more. I could feel the 
blessed feeling of orgasm building in my body, but this time I felt it 
everywhere, from the top of my head to my toes. I reached up to her breasts, 
which were waving up and down in time to our movement, and held them in my 
hands, squeezing them, trying to capture their size and feel and the emotions

they awoke in me inside my brain, which didn't really want to hold onto 
anything just yet. I left them, and slid my hands down her back, to her butt.

I kneaded her ass cheeks to the time of our sex, while my moans got louder, 
and hers started to become gasps. The tension was really building in my
loins, 
I pressed down on my stomach, trying to keep from coming until she had come. 
Her eyes opened suddenly, and she looked down at me with a new urgency.
	"FUCK ME HARD!" she nearly screamed.
	I pumped her with all the remaining strength I had, pushing myself 
hard into her. Both crying out in one large grunt of passion and ecstasy, we 
both came simultaneously. I felt a colossal tug and squeeze as Kathy's 
vaginal walls milked my cock for all the cum it was worth. I slowed pace, 
while my rod pumped more and more cum into her with each slowing stroke, 
until we reached a stop. She collapsed on top of me, and lay we still, 
breathing heavily. She seemed to have fainted with the pleasure. So much for 
the guys being the ones to roll over and fall asleep! I hugged her still body

to me, keeping my slowly deflating member inside her as long as possible, 
and I looked at her tits again, committing their shape, size and feel to my 
memory. I knew this was going to be a once only, and I wanted to savour it 
as long as possible. I kissed her lips slowly, and her eyes fluttered open. 
A weak, contented smile appeared on her face. 
	"Fucking fantastic!" she said weakly. "We must do this again some 
time." 
	She smiled more strongly with that comment. We disentangled 
ourselves, and began to clean up.
	"Now, tell me," I said, "what made you want to this?"
	"To tell the truth," she said, "I have always wanted to do it in a 
public place with a stranger. Do you mind?" Well, it was over now, I had got 
what I wanted, and so had she, it seemed.
	"No, I really don't care in the slightest now," I lied.
	We dressed ourselves again, and she ventured out of the room back 
into the cinema, looking around furtively for any looks towards her. There 
were none, and she beckoned to me to come out as well. We sat back down in 
our seats, and watched what little of the movie was left while we held hands.

I didn't take in any of the movie, I was too busy thinking of my experience 
and savouring the last touch of her hand before we went our separate ways 
and never saw each other again.
	The movie ended, and we strolled out together, and stepped out into 
the twilight, starting to pull in different directions, but our hands didn't 
let go for a while. We just stared each other in the eyes, feelings passing 
between us. She told me her phone number and the address of the flat she 
lived at, and I told her my phone number out of courtesy. Somehow, we both 
knew these were futile gestures as our lives were separating as quickly as 
they had met. She turned slowly, and walked off one way. I watched her go, 
but she didn't look back. In the end, neither did I. It had just been a 
meeting of two bodies and a expenditure of passion, nothing so intimate as to
warrant a bond between us for life. I turned, and went my way.

    Cindy  and I have been married for 8 years and during  those 
years  our  sex  life has been  good.  Recently  though,  it  has 
improved  to  very  good,   due  to  an  unusual  night  we  just 
experienced. That night was a Saturday about 3 months ago.
     I  asked  my wife if she would like to go out for  an  early 
dinner and then we might catch an early show.  Cindy thought  the 
idea was great and she went to take a shower and dress.  When she 
returned,  she looked fantastic.  My wife is 5 ft.  7in.  and 130 
lbs. She has very long legs, with a shapely butt and although her 
breasts aren't huge, they are 34B's that are perfectly shaped and 
firm.  Tonight  she had on heels and a skirt and blouse that made 
her look like the perfect model.
     We had reservations at our favorite restaurant and as  usual 
the food was good. Cindy and I had a few drinks with dinner and I 
suggested  we have another before we left for the  show.  Another 
drink   became  another  few  and  Cindy  was  getting  a  little 
lightheaded by the time we left.  We had not decided on the  show 
that  we  would see so I suggested we drive to  the  Multi-Cinema 
that  had 4 theaters,  but none of them sounded appealing.  Cindy 
brought  up  going to an adult theater,  as she  had  never  been 
before. We located one in the phone book and drove to it.
     The  theater was an older,  rather regal looking place  that 
had  not  been  kept up well.  As we entered the  theater  I  was 
suprized  to  see how large it was,  yet there were only about  2 
dozen people there. We chose a pair of seats near the back and we 
settled in for what turned out to be quite an evening.
     The movie had just started and they didn't waste any time in 
getting  into some very hot sex scenes.  Cindy leaned over to  me 
and  said "they certainly don't leave anything out."  The  screen 
had  a closeup of a womans pussy with a hard dick sliding in  and 
out, on it for about 5 minutes. I asked her if this was bothering 
her  and  she  quickly replied "no,  it's making  me  horny."  We 
watched  for  about another 15 minutes,  until there was a  scene 
where  this woman was lying on a bed and 3 men were fondling  her 
and  jacking themselves off,  cumming all over her  chest.  Cindy 
moaned and said "I can't take this much more." I have to admit, I 
had  an erection and was getting pretty horny myself.  I told  my 
wife  that I was going to go get us some soft drinks and  I  left 
for the snack bar.
     When I came back I noticed that she was concentrating on the 
screen.  The  woman  had a man on each end of her screwing  away. 
Cindy was rubbing her crotch with one hand and she had her  other 
arm  clamped across her chest rubbing her breasts.  As I  sat,  I 
noticed  that  a  man had sat down behind my wife  and  was  busy 
watching the show. I set the food down and put my hand on Cindy's 
leg.  She looked at me with this sultry look that told me she was 
hot.  I  started  to massage her thigh and work my way up to  her 
crotch. As I reached higher she lifted up and pulled her skirt up 

and  spread  her legs,  so that I could reach her  panty  covered 
crotch.  I  touched  her panties and they were  soaked,  she  had 
gotten herself off while I was at the snack bar,  she said.  As I 
continued  to  rub her swollen pubis my  wife  started  breathing 
heavy and she started a slight movement in her hips. With my free 
hand I tried to reach around and unbutton her blouse and as I did 
I could see out of the corner of my eye the man behind us was now 
watching us not the movie.
     Cindy  couldn't wait for my fumbling and she unbuttoned  her 
blouse enough so that I could reach in her bra and feel her tits. 
I rubbed and massaged her pretty tits until her nipples were rock 
hard.  Cindy started squeezing my cock which drove me nuts,  so I 
dropped  my  hand to her pussy and  started  rubbing  again.  She 
leaned  over  against me and we kissed,  slowly and  deeply,  and 
while  we  were kissing I could see the guy behind  us  had  slid 
forward  in  his seat so he could see my wifes bare legs and  her 
panties.  As I slid my hand up to the top of her panties I turned 
enough to watch him and I slowly pulled her panties down exposing 
her bush. I saw his eyes widen and I heard him gasp, so I figured 
I'd have a little fun and I slid my finger into my wifes dripping 
pussy.  She immediately started a quiet moaning and layed back in 
her seat,  spreading her legs,  not realizing that she was giving 
him  a better view of her bush.  My finger was really working  on 
her  tight little hole when I heard the guy behind  us  breathing 
hard.  He  was almost leaning over Cindy's other shoulder and  he 
had his dick out in his hand. As my wife was nearing her climax I 
kept on fingering her until she stiffened up and groaned, cumming 
all  over my fingers.  Just as she shook I heard him grunt as  he 
shot his cum on the back of Cindy's seat.  My wife sagged against 
me  and said "this is fun,  whew,  it's kind of sexy in  public." 
When  I  told  her about the guy behind us she  couldn't  believe 
she'd missed it.  I told her that she shouldn't tease people like 
that and we both laughed. I said "you should have helped him" and 
she said "yah, right." What harm could come of it I had asked, at 
least  he would have remembered this hot woman he had  once  met. 
Cindy said "oh well,  it's to late now." As we both knew that she 
really didn't even consider the possibility.
     I  sat there watching two more men screwing this same woman, 
when Cindy pulled my cock out of my pants and bent over taking it 
into her mouth.  Watching my wife and that guy jack off had  made 
me  hornier than I've been in a while,  so she sucked on me for a 
few  more seconds and I started cumming right in her  mouth.  She 
sat  back  up licking her lips and saying how good  that  tasted. 
"Here's  two dozen guys jacking off and I have a beautiful  woman 
giving  me a blowjob,  what luck" I said as we giggled.  I  asked 
Cindy to go to the bathroom and take her panties and bra off,  so 
I  could have an easier time playing with her.  She almost jumped 
out of her seat trying to get to the bathroom to strip down. When 
she returned I slid her dress up revealing her perfectly  cropped 
pussy that sparkled from all the dampness.  I entered her with my 
finger  as my other hand massaged and squeezed her tits.  She was 
hot.  "I want you again" she said.  Well,  twice in 10 minutes is 
more than I can handle,  so to stall for time I said I had to  go 
to the bathroom.
     I  was standing at the urinal when another man walked in and 

walked up to the urinal next to me. He lugged out his dick, which 
was  pretty big and was also hard.  "Anytime now" he said to  his 
hard shaft,  waiting for it to relax enough to pee.  "Too bad you 
weren't  sitting  over  by  the woman on the  left  side  of  the 
theater" I said.  "She gave me a hand job" I continued,  figuring 
he might go over to her now and she could have another handful to 
play with. "Your kidding" he scoffed, "No, she let me feel her up 
and then she jacked me off" I replied.  I figured that I had  his 
curiosity peaked so I left and went back to the show.
     When  I  sat back down I told her that I had invited  a  guy 
over to sit with her and she thought I was joking. I told her no, 
she  ought to try it.  She could give him the hotest memory  he'd 
ever have, most men have always dreamed of this happening, not to 
mention I really liked the idea of watching, as many men dream of 
seeing  their wives with other men.  Beside,  I said no one  will 
even know who you are and with me near by,  I had told her that I 
would  sit  in the next row a couple of seats away,  nothing  bad 
could happen.  Cindy said it sounded like fun,  knowing that  she 
would  have  complete control over a stranger's dick.  We  talked 
some more and I told Cindy that she should let him play with  her 
first  and  that  she  should  get hot  and  get  into  what  was 
happening,  and then she should play with his dick and balls till 
he came. Considering how hot Cindy can get I figured he would get 
his  rocks  off in just a few seconds.  We talked for a few  more 
minutes  about  where I would sit and and I told her to  just  be 
calm and let him start everything.  When I asked if she was ready 
she said "yes, it took a minute to relax, but I guess I'm ready", 
so I got up and moved to my new seat.
     I  took a seat a row below and a few seats left of my  wife. 
The view when I partially turned my head was magnificent, I could 
almost  see  under my wife's dress.  It was another  few  minutes 
before  her guest arrived,   I heard him ask if the seat next  to 
her  was  occupied and she replied "no,  go ahead".  Out  of  the 
corner of my eye I could see that my wife was watching the screen 
and he was watching her. A few more minutes passed and then I saw 
him put his hand on Cindy's knee,  she didn't make any attempt to 
move it,  so after another minute he started to massage her knee. 
He  began  to move his hand up her leg a little and I  heard  her 
breath  quicken.  As he moved his hand up,  he slid her dress up, 
giving him a nice look at her slender bare legs.  His  carressing 
of her leg excited my wife, she parted her thighs a little, so he 
could reach between her legs. When he did, I heard her gasp and I 
looked  around.  He had his hand on her bare glistening mound and 
was starting to work his finger into her slit.  Cindy's skirt was 
clear up giving me a complete view of her pussy and his big  busy 
hand.
     I  could  tell that Cindy was getting hot.  She was  leaning 
against  him while he massaged her pussy and you could  hear  her 
panting.  As  she  turned to unzip his pants she spread her  legs 
wide open,  showing all of her pink pussy with this man's  finger 
working in and out of her opening.  Cindy got his cock out and in 
the  dim light I could see that he had a big fat hard  on,  which 
she started to stroke. Cindy's new friend was fingering her and I 
could hear him say "your pussy feels so good".  Cindy was getting 
into  the part well,  as I heard her answer "I love your big hard 

cock,  MMMmmm,  it's  so fat".  My wifes hips were moving with  a 
steady motion as she let him finger fuck her.  I heard him  catch 
his  breath and then groan as he shot his load of cum on the seat 
ahead and the floor. "Oh god, your beautiful" he said as his dick 
jerked a few more times.  She slowly worked his shaft up and down 
as it relaxed and shrank.  As he started to put his meat back  in 
his pants I heard Cindy say "thanks for the nice big one",  as he 
said  "no,  thank  you,  I'll never forget this",  as he rose  to 
leave.
     I  gave  her  a  minute to straighten  herself  and  then  I 
whispered  "how  was it ?" She gasped back "That is  the  HOTTEST 
thing  I've ever done,  it was great,  I want to try a  few  more 
guys."  I told her that I've never seen anything that hot  either 
and I couldn't wait to see the next guy get off.  So,  I sat back 
in my seat and waited.
     It  wasn't long before another visitor came by and asked  if 
the seat was taken and Cindy replied "no,  please sit down." This 
time Cindy had lifted her dress up quite high on her legs, so her 
new  friend didn't waste any time before he started touching  her 
leg.  Soon I could see that he had slid his hand under her blouse 
and was enjoying the feel of her tits and Cindy was pressing  his 
hand  tight against her chest.  He let his hand drop to her thigh 
and started massaging his way up her leg.  "Oh god, your nude" he 
said as his hand found her bare pussy waiting for his finger.  He 
slid  his finger in and out of her,  as he played with  her  love 
button.  She  leaned into him and gave him a slowww long kiss  as 
she worked to get his shaft out of his pants. All of a sudden out 
sprang the biggest dick I've ever seen,  it was at least 9 inches 
long.  Cindy whispered to him and slowly started to run her  hand 
up and down his long shaft. As her hand stroked his growing cock, 
his finger kept time going in and out of her pretty little  slit. 
They continued to feel each other and she leaned over next to him 
and  rubbed his cock on her leg.  That was enough to send both of 
them  over the edge and I heard them groan as they both  climaxed 
at  the same time.  Slowly his massive shaft began to shrink  and 
they  kissed for the last time and my wife pulled her dress  back 
down as the stranger straightened himself out and they said  good 
bye.
     I  slid over to my glowing wife and said "that  sure  didn't 
take  you long.",  to which she said "did you see the size of his 
cock,  I  loved playing with it,  I would have given anything  to 
suck  it for a minute,  I wonder if I could handle it all ?"  She 
was slowly regaining her breathe and composure.  I told her  that 
if  the chance came up again and she really wanted to give him  a 
little  lick that that was ok with me.  "I want to do this  again 
and  then let's go,  I want you to fuck me real good" Cindy  said 
huskily.  She  looked so sexy and sultry now that her passion was 
high.  "I  just had a nasty thought" she uttered "I wish I had  a 
guy in each hand,  before we go." I thought for a minute and said 
"I don't know if we can arrange that, but I'll try", getting up I 
said "I'm going to the restroom, I'll be right back.
     I was in luck, or Cindy was in luck really, as I walked into 
the  restroom there was two young guys walking in ahead of me.  I 
waited  as they stood at the urinal peeing.  "Have you guys  seen 
that  gorgeous woman over in the back,  she gave me a handjob and 

she did another guy too." Well,  let me tell you, these two young 
studs  were ready.  "I heard her tell the other guy to come  back 
with  a friend,  maybe you guys can beat him over  there."  "Wow, 
let's  go  see her,  is she a dog ?" he asked and I  replied  "no 
she's beautiful." He looked at his buddy and they said see ya and 
left.  I went ahead and went to the bathroom and then returned to 
my seat.
     As  I  neared my seat I could see that my wife  was  sitting 
with  her two young studs,  one on either side of her.  I took my 
seat  and I saw Cindy slid her hand across the crotch of the  guy 
on  her left and she leaned over and whispered something to  him. 
Both young men started to touch and carress her body as she layed 
back in her seat reeling in delight at having two men feeling her 
at the same time.  As her passion increased she unzipped both  of 
their  pants and managed to get both of their young dicks in  her 
hands.  I  almost came in my pants seeing her with both of  their 
hands  on  her  and she with a stiff cock  in  each  hand.  Cindy 
continued  to pull and stroke both guys at the same  time.  Being 
young, they were ready to cum in a few seconds, and cum they did. 
It  was like watching two miniture fountains spurting in the air. 
Both  of  them came fast and then they got  nervous  and  quickly 
zipped  themselves  back  up and said they had  to  leave.  Cindy 
smiled and said "thanks for the fun, studs", as both guys rose to 
leave.
     As  I  leaned  toward  my  wife I  could  hear  her  labored 
breathing,  "I  came  three times" she sighed "that was more  fun 
than  I could ever imagine,  those two were so hot I though  they 
would  shoot  clear  over the seats." I told  her  to  straighten 
herself out and let's leave, I was so horny and all I could think 
about was my turn to play with her.  The way she glowed was  more 
beautiful  than  I  have ever seen her before,  so  we  left  the 
theatre.
     We  got  in  our car and I immediately started to  kiss  and 
fondle my beautiful wife. "I want to fuck you right now" she said 
panting. I pulled her dress up and slid my pants down right there 
in  the  car.  Cindy and I fucked with complete  abandon  and  we 
climaxed  together in what was the most spectacular orgasm either 
of us have ever had. When we finished I started the car and drove 
home.  Both of us were now glowing with passion.  When we arrived 
home  I smiled and told her that she had just given me  the  most 
wonderful  time of my life and Cindy said she had never  believed 
she  would enjoy it that much.  I kissed her slow and long and we 
slid to the floor and we began to make love all over again,  this 
time we were slow and it lasted for what seemed like hours.
     As  I write this letter,  Cindy and I are planning our  next 
trip  to the show.  She hopes to see the man with the giant  dick 
again, but probably not. Cindy says that all of you women readers 
owe  it to yourselves to try to get your husband to take you to a 
special show.  Every women needs to feel a hard dick in each hand 
once in her life,  you just can't imagine the feeling,  and to be 
completely  safe  with your husband watching is the best part  of 
all.

I am 30 now.  I lost my virginity when I was 17 (the weekend after my
birthday).  I had known a 13 year old girl by the name of Brenda Jones (real
name).  She played flute in the band and I played saxophone.  I was a junior
in high school and she was in the 8th grade in junior high.  It was a really
small school.  Her mom was the superintendant's secretary.  She had started
paying alot of attention to me at the beginning of the year, but I was going
steady with another 8th grade girl and these girls hated one another.  I
thought Brenda was only paying attention to me to piss off my girl, Faith. 

Well, Faith wasn't exactly a saint, either.  She was known to fuck around,
but 
I couldn't get close to 2nd base with her.  About the closest I got was when
I 
would come to pick her up for school early and her whole family would still
be 
in bed (her dad was alcoholic and worked shifts, so he slept alot and didn't
seem to notice me sneaking into her bedroom).  She allowed me to eat her
pussy 
on several occasions.  I had also become familiar with finger-fucking in my
car.  She used to stroke my cock, but she never made me come.  I knew that
she 
wasn;t a virgin, but she wouldn't go farther than foreplay with me.  One day,
she had gotten really horny and kicked her brothers outside (locked them out)
and took me into her bedroom and strippe naked for me.  She pulled my clothes
off too and asked me to eat her.  Except, she kept staring at my cock.  She
asked me if I had a rubber, which as an idiot virgin, I didn't.  She frowned,
then said that we could play, but I couldn't fuck her.  I started eating her
out and she really started moaning loudly.  Her brothers (7 & 6) were
pounding 
on window.  Then, she got up after one orgasm and twisted around and told me
she wanted to 'eat' my cock.  We got into a '69' position. 

I couldn't believe the feeling when her tongue landed on my cock.  I couldn't
help but moan as her tongue traveled the length of my shaft.  It was obvious
that she had done this before, except my virginal mind wouldn't admit to that
knowledge until later. 

I don;'t think I licked her cunt very good after that point because all I
could do was lay on top of her and moan as she gave me a wonderful blowjob. 
She really knew what she was doing.  She took the loose skin between her lips
and sucked lightly, making the skin tight around my cock.  The feeling drove
me crazy.  She brushed her sweet tongue against the head of my cock, then
took 
me into her mouth for several long, ball-busting strokes. 

Back then, I had alot of pre-cum when I was turned on.  The girl would
squeeze 
my cock with her hand, and lick the pre-cum from my small slit. 

Guilt hit me as I came closer to my first orgasm made by another human being.

This was definitely much better than jacking myself off!  I dipped my tongue
back into her cunt and she moaned around the mouthful of cock she had, her
tongue working feverishly on my thick veins.  I couldn't hold back any more. 
I screamed that I was going to come.  I don't have any memory of what
happened 
after that point.  I don't remember her removing my cock from her mouth.  I
don't remember if she licked me until I came or what.  But, when I was
finished coming, I got up and saw that my pretty little 13-year-old
girlfriend 
had my semen all over her face, hair and tits.  She looked embarrassed.  She
quickly grabbed an old T-shirt and cleaned herself up.  By this time, her
brothers were throwing rocks at her window and screaming that they wanted in.

We quickly dressed and let the boys in.  We tried to act like nothing had
happened, but my smile gave it away, I think... 


+++++++++++++++

Brenda Jones hated Faith Ladd.  Faith Ladd loathed Brenda Jones.  Both girls
talked big and tough.  

Faith was not well-liked in school.  She was a short, petite girl.  She had
large tits for such a small girl and I loved to lick and suck them (which I
did alot after unfreezing her).  She was 13, smoked cigarettes, had a BIG
mouth and loved to spew rude obscenities at other kids at school.  Her temper
was hot and she got into alot of fist fights with other girls and sometimes
some guys.  Faith Ladd was a time-bomb waiting to go off.  The school
authorities hated her, the kids feared and hated her. 

But, I loved her.  I was very sheltered as a kid and watched alot of T.V.
movies where the girl with the bad reputation at school was really a saint. 
Faith was such a saint to me.  My friends kept telling me that she was bad
news, but I held her high on a pedistool.  She was my little virgin even
though I knew 6 guys who claimed to have fucked her shitless.  They were
liars 
to me. 

Faith told me that she was not a virgin, but that she had only been with two
guys and never fucked either more than once.  These guys were both in their
20's, and were only after young pussy.  She talked tough, but I ignored her
attitude because I knew that down, deep inside, she was a nice girl. 

Well, this nice girl convinced me to ask her to marry me and to become
engaged 
at age 16 and 13.  I went out and bought a $200 engagement ring for her.
That 
ring was a symbol which she held over my head for two years. 

After 3 months of being engaged (and not knowing where she was or who she was
with on several occasions), she announced that she was too young for marriage
and wanted to date other guys.  Well, this broke me up because I was in love
and I was an idiot, but I went along with her.  She kept the ring, and I
would 
continue showering her with love and money. 

Brenda Jones had heard about my break-up with Faith.  She started shaking her
large tits in my face quite a bit at school.  Brenda was 13, she was short as
well.  Both girls were brunettes.  Brenda was more plump than Faith, but her
body was more shapely.  She had an ass that drove me crazy.  Well, she would
pass me in the hall, turn as she did so so that her ass would rub against my
cock.  She's turn toward me, smile and lick her lips. 

She started writing me 'love' notes.  Actually, they were full-blown porn. 
She started telling me what she wanted to do with my body and that she wanted
me to 'rape' her and fuck her brains out. 

After several weeks of teasing me, I was got angry because I thought she was
only doing it to piss Faith off and that she really didn't mean it.  

In the meantime, Faith did find out and she was on the war-path for Brenda. 
On a couple fo occasions, the two girls were sent to the office for fighting.

We all knew that they were fighting because of me. 

On a couple of occasions, Brenda and I met an hour early for school, we got
in 
my car and went to a local make-out spot.  We did alot of feeling and
groping. 
 On one occasion, I got her to suck my cock.  She wasn't any good at it, and
she admitted later that she had never sucked a guy before.  I regret that I
never had the opportunity to properly teach her, though.  But, the sight of
her young mouth on my cock turned me anyway.  I jacked off as she mouthed me
and she swallowed my cum when I shot in her mouth.  She begged me to finger
her afterwards, which I did.  I was amazed that she had gotten so horny from
just having her mouth on my cock.  These sessions were always stessful
because 
we never had much time.  One day, we played alot, but she wouldn;t make me
come because she was worried about time.  So, when we went back to school, I
got a massive hard-on and pre-cum was leaking all over my pants.  The wet
spot 
in my pants was very large and I know that many other kids saw it. 

Brenda approached me soon after and told me that she had made arrangements to
spend the night with a friend of hers that lived close to me.  The girl's
mother didn't know of the arrangement and it was likely that neither mother
would contact the other.  So, she suggested that I pick her up down the road
and that we spend the night together in my car. 

Well, I had just turned 17 that week, and I had my freedom because my dad had
recently given me my freedom to come and go, so I had not problem with that. 

The Friday night came and the bus dropped her off at her friend's house, she
walked down the road and waited for me.  After picking the lithe young girl
up, she was all over me. 

We parked in our usual place and had our clothes off in seconds.  I knew that
I was about to fuck my first pussy.  We did the usual foreplay.  She sucked
my 
cock for a while, I fingered her, I sucked and played with her tits, etc. 
But, I had never eaten her pussy, and she was shocked when I went down on her
sweet cunt and ate her through several orgasms.  The problem with eating
young 
pussy at 16 and 17 was that I enjoyed it and became addicted.  Now that I'm
married, my wife won't let me eat her cunt and it's been 8 years since I've
tasted a sweet pussy. 

Brenda had never been eaten out before.  I found out later that she had been
fucked repeatedly by her cousin, but I was her second guy, even though she
blabbed about being the school slut.  Apparently, her cousin didn't care
about 
making her feel good, just as long as his own cock spurted into the young,
fresh pussy. 

That night, I discovered differences in Faith and Brenda.  Faith came, but
when she did, she closed her eyes, moaned and juices gushed from her cunt. 
Brenda tensed up and shook all over as if she was having a seizure when she
came.  It was obvious that Brenda enjoyed her orgasms more thoroughly than
Faith did.  Brenda captured the feeling and shut everything else off.  It was
magnificent.  I still crave to make that girl come even today. 

Brenda and I spent the night together.  We fucked about 6 times.  We would
have fucked more, but her tight pussy tightened up so much that I couldn't
get 
into her after a while.  So, we laid there and played with one another until
we fell asleep.  We awoke the next morning and tried to fuck again, but her
cunt was still too tight.  She sucked me off and I fingered her several
times. 
 I took her with me to work and she made me come several times at work. 

Brenda was the first girl that got her tits fucked by me.  I'll never forget
wrapping her huge tits around my cock and spurting on her neck, chin, and all
over those beautiful tits. 

Faith found out about me losing my virginity to Brenda and was furious.  She
beat Brenda up and scared Brenda so much that Brenda was scared to see me. 
But, then, Brenda's mom found out about our night together and that iced
things for Brenda and I permanently.  
Faith, through her jealousy, let me fuck her in the car one night, but it was
awkward and not satisfying like it was with Brenda.  Brenda truly wanted to
fuck.  Faith didn't.  She was doing it in spite and neither of us enjoyed it.


Soon after, I caught Faith fucking my best friend, and I lost my girl and my
best friend.  Today, Faith is divorced.  She had one kid from her first
husband.  She admitted to cheating on her husband since before they were
married.  She lives with an abusive man who has knocked her up twice in 3
years.  She now has 3 kids, lives on welfare and has no hope of achieving any
of the dreams she once had.  I called her a year ago to talk and her abusive
boyfriend, fueled by her cheating history, demanded that she hang up the
phone.  All during the conversation, I heard him screaming that she better
not 
be fucking around again.  He's kill her this time..... 

Brenda was married a couple of years ago to the best of my knowledge.  I
tried 
to write a letter to her a couple of years after I left home, but it was
rejected. 

Of the two girls, I really felt more for Brenda, I realize now, but back
then, 
I thought I was in love with Faith.  I feel sad that Brenda and I weren't
able 
to get back together after her mother put the fear of GOD into her about me. 
I hope that she is happy in her life, though.  She was a sweet girl, and many
of her problems were not her fault.  It could be that she was my first fuck,
but I don;t think so.  I will always have fond memories of Brenda Jones.
 
The morning after Ginny's induction, she had woken up in a strange bed. Hermione had given Ginny her bed when they got in late that morning, as Ginny had been gushing uncontrollably and peeing over everything.

She was woken, to her delight, by a still completely naked Katie Bell. They had started having sex again after Katie woke Ginny, this time on Hermione's already filthy bed.

Because of this, they had missed the first few lessons that morning after spending time getting to know each other and making an even bigger mess of Hermione's bed. Ginny and Katie eventually dragged themselves away from Hermione's sodden pee and cum stained bed, managing to get themselves into the shower.

They managed to pull themselves together just as the bell rang for lunch. Katie helped Ginny on with a fresh diaper after they got out of the shower, just in case she had any problems controlling her bladder, and the girls separately made their way to the great hall, making sure to sit at least a few seats apart to avoid any suspicion.

Ginny sat opposite Hermione who immediately covered for her and asked, "Are you feeling better Ginny? You didn't look very well this morning".

"Much, thanks... I think I got it all out of my system", Ginny just blurted out the first thing that came into her head. She hadn't expected Hermione to say anything, but at least it gave her a cover story.

Hermione quietly kicked off her shoe under the table, wasting no time. She gently brushed the tip of her bare toe along Ginny's ankle, as to not startle her too much. She noticed Ginny jump ever so slightly, and she continued moving her toes up the inside of Ginny's leg. Hermione traced her way along Ginny's bare leg and along her inner thigh, as she expected, she felt her toes brush up against a large diaper.

Hermione gave Ginny a subtle smile as she looked into her eyes, which were telling her to stop what she was doing. Hermione of course ignored her and continued rubbing the ball of her foot against Ginny's dry diaper, pushing hard against her. Ginny quickly put a hand under the table and grabbed a hold of Hermione's bare foot. She pushed it away for a moment, but then felt a surge of excitement inside her as she'd grasped Hermione's bare foot, her fingers brushing against her toes.

Ginny wanted nothing more than to be back in Hermione's bedroom on her filthy bed, sucking at the toes that were rubbing up against her diaper.

Ginny employed Hermione's own trick and dropped her knife under the table. She got down on her knees and pushed her head through the gap between the table and the bench. Ginny opened her mouth and brushed her lips along Hermione's toes, taking four of them into her mouth at once and sucking on them.

She quickly ran her tongue along the ball of Hermione's foot whilst keeping her lips locked around her toes. Finally, she released them and gave one long lasting suck of her big toe, running her tongue between it and the toe next to it.

Sadly, she couldn't stay down there for the rest of lunch and quickly appeared, knife in hand before anyone looked under the table and sat back in her seat.

Ginny kept eating her lunch as Hermione's foot stayed pressed against her diaper the entire time. Ginny didn't mind, as long as no one suddenly saw what they were doing! Ginny took a swig of her drink and felt her bladder struggling, she felt the sudden urgent need to pee and could tell she wasn't going to make it anywhere near a toilet.

She put a hand between her legs and grabbed Hermione's foot pushing it hard against her diaper. Hermione wondered what she was doing, until she felt something under her foot as Ginny started filling the diaper. It felt warm, Hermione smiled as Ginny held her foot against her pee soaked diaper and Ginny felt incredibly turned on at peeing in the middle of the great hall while Hermione's bare foot pressed up against her diaper.

Ginny suddenly wondered if there would be any smell, but luckily the diaper seemed to be keeping it under control. Hermione rubbed her foot against the wet diaper as Ginny enjoyed the warm wet sensation of Hermione circling her foot around it.

The girls finished up their lunch and Hermione reluctantly put her shoe back on, "See you later Ginny? Wanna study later?", said Hermione. Ginny knew exactly what Hermione meant by 'study', and couldn't wait for this evening. "Yea sure, see you in the common room later".

Ginny got up and walked off to class, her wet diaper arousing her every movement as her dirty crotch rubbed around inside it.

The afternoon had never gone so slowly, Ginny's diaper gradually started drying out throughout double herbology but as she was leaving she felt another uncontrollable urge to pee as she filled her diaper once again. She quickly started to make her way back into the castle and ducked into the first girls toilets she found.

Ginny checked under all the toilet stalls, seeing if she was alone, when she spotted two bare feet spread out in one of the cubicles. She looked at them for a moment and quickly recognised them, "Luna, is that you?". The door opened as Ginny looked in finding Luna completely naked from the waist down and squatting over a small thermos flask.

"Hello Ginny", Luna smiled. "I've just come to fill up my flask". Ginny smiled, amazed at how things had already changed so much.

"Can I come in Luna? I need to check my diaper".

"Sure, let me help you. Take off your skirt and shoes, it can be quite messy when you take off a wet diaper". Ginny stepped into the cubicle as Luna locked it behind them. She quickly kicked off her shoes and got her socks wet stepping in a puddle of either pee, cum or a mixture of the two. Ginny took her skirt off and sat down on the toilet. Luna knelt down on the wet dirty floor and lifted her jumper over her head revealing her cute naked flat chest.

She grabbed at Ginny's feet and peeled her wet socks off, stuffing one of them into her mouth and sucking on it.

"Let's see how it looks shall we", said Luna, muffled through Ginny's wet sock.

Luna undid the diaper and carefully pulled it open, she revealed Ginny's very wet bald pussy and a small pool of pee in the diaper that hadn't soaked in yet. Luna grabbed her half full thermos and held it under the diaper as she carefully emptied the contents into her flask. She swilled the pee around in her flask and took a deep breath. "Mmm, yummy. Would you like some?", Ginny smiled and nodded wildly as Luna handed her the thermos.

Ginny did as Luna had, inhaling a deep breath from the flask. Goosebumps sprang up all over her arms and she shuddered at the gorgeous smell. Ginny put the flask to her lips and took in a large gulp. It was so warm, just like when she'd been drinking it straight from Luna last night. The thermos must have been doing a great job at keeping it warm, making it taste even better as it slid down Ginny's throat.

Luna knelt in front of her, smiling and staring at Ginny with those cute grey eyes as she took another few mouthfuls. Luna lapped at Ginny's pussy a few times, cleaning her up, much to Ginny's surprise and delight. Luna redid Ginny's wet diaper, pushing the wet crotch against Ginny's slit and fastening the sides.

Ginny handed the thermos back to Luna, somewhat emptier than when she'd started.

"Actually, would you mind holding it, makes it so much easier to squirt into". Ginny took the flask back and held it out for Luna in front of her.

Luna spread her legs and pulled her pussy up slightly, aiming at the flask. She let out a large squirt of cum, missing the flask entirely at first and splashing all over Ginny's hands and bare feet. After a few seconds, Luna got it under control and filled the flask with ease.

Ginny smiled and handed the full flask back. Luna removed Ginny's sock from her mouth and pushed it inside her pussy, drying it off and leaving it inside her for a moment while she took a large mouthful from the flask, before replacing the cap and screwing it back on. Ginny licked up what had sprayed onto her hands and Luna quickly knelt down on the slightly wetter floor with Ginny's sock still in her pussy and started licking Ginny's bare feet as they sat on the dirty wet floor.

Luna lapped at Ginny's feet and toes, her tongue frequently brushing against the filthy floor. Ginny leant forward slightly and traced a hand along the small of Luna's back, running her middle finger between her cheeks and finding her tight little ass hole. Ginny slid her finger in with great ease, enjoying the warm opening wrapped around her finger. Ginny thrust her finger back and forth inside Luna for a few minutes as she continued licking her mucky toes.

After Luna had cleaned most of Ginny's toes and the floor around them with her tongue, Ginny suddenly pulled her finger out as she realised they were going to be late for class, and she'd already missed the morning. "Luna, as much as I'd like to stay in this toilet all day, we better get to class". Luna continued for a moment, licking Ginny's toes, seemingly oblivious to what Ginny had just said. Then Ginny felt her stop but saw she was still licking something. She was lapping up all of the pee and cum that was on the floor, some of it not even hers or Ginny's most likely.

Ginny smiled as she watched Luna cleaning the floor with her tongue as she suddenly shot upright, staring back at Ginny with an incredibly glazed look about her. Luna reached down between her legs and produced Ginny's sock. It was absolutely soaked in Luna's cum, she must have squirted some more while Ginny was fingering her ass. Luna sucked at the sock briefly, removing any excess before pulling the sock back on Ginny's already rather wet foot.

The sock felt warm as Luna slid it on, Ginny could feel the warm cum squelching between her toes. Just as quickly as she'd got it back on, Luna peeled the sock off again and quickly ran her tongue all over Ginny's foot and in between each individual toe, sucking at it and removing her own cum from them. She replaced the sock again along with the other which had been sitting on the wet floor.

Both girls stood up and started to get dressed, Ginny pulled on her skirt and did it up as she stuck her foot inside her right shoe and felt something warm and wet. Luna had somehow managed to squirt inside Ginny's shoe, she decided not to say anything and pushed her foot in with a smile on her face.

Luna took Ginny's hand, noticing her middle finger looking rather dirty and slid it into her mouth. The girls stood opposite each other in the cubicle while Luna sucked on Ginny's dirty middle finger that had just been inside her own ass, she stared into Ginny's eyes as she cleaned the finger with those beautiful penetrating grey eyes of hers. She pulled the finger out with a popping sound and smiled at Ginny, turning around to open the door and skipped off happily to her lesson.

Ginny stood there smiling at how amazing all her friends were, especially Luna. She seemed like she would do anything for you. Ginny headed out of the cubicle, she would remember that toilet forever now. She headed to class and made an excuse about not feeling well, she sat down at her desk and daydreamed about Luna for the rest of the day.

Surprisingly, the afternoon went quickly. Before she knew it Ginny found herself sitting down to dinner in the great hall. She spotted Luna across the table, pouring something only a few people knew about, from her flask into a goblet on the table. Ginny wished she had a large goblet full of it right now, perhaps I can do what Luna does, Ginny thought to herself. I just need to learn that spell. First thing at the meet-up on Monday I'll get her to teach it to me, I won't leave until I can fill a bath tub with my own cum.

Ginny felt her bladder filling once again, for the third or fourth time today she would have to empty it into the same messy diaper. She had no idea how much more this thing could hold, but she didn't have a choice. She slipped a hand under the table and held the diaper in close, closing her legs together. She peed as slowly as she could, rubbing the diaper all around in an effort to soak up as much as she could. Her stream finally stopped as she felt a few trickles flowing out of the sides of the diaper and falling down her leg onto her skirt.

Ginny held her legs together all through dinner, eating as quickly as her stomach allowed her to shove it down. She lightly kicked Hermione under the table and gestured with her eyes, under the table. Hermione thought she wanted her to play with her as she had done at lunch before, so slipped her shoe off and raised it up to Ginny's diaper. Only this time, the entire thing felt sodden with pee. The ball of Hermione's foot and her toes immediately became soaked.

Hermione pulled her foot back and nodded at Ginny, showing her she knew what she meant now. Both girls put away their food as quickly as possible and said their goodbyes. They headed off to the Gryffindor common room, but Ginny couldn't make it. She pulled Hermione into the nearest toilet and straight into the first cubicle. "I think it's going to fall down, it feels really heavy", said Ginny.

"We can empty it for now and put it back on, then we can sort it out in my bedroom". Ginny quickly took her skirt off and kicked off her shoes, revealing one very cum stained looking sock and another quite dirty looking one. She sat down on the toilet as she had done earlier when Luna had helped her.

"What happened to your socks?", asked Hermione.

"Luna. We ran into each other in the toilets. We had some fun!", said Ginny.

Hermione took her skirt off to stop it getting dirty, kneeling down on the cubicle floor as Ginny opened her legs. Hermione grabbed at Ginny's well used diaper, carefully undoing the sides and pulling it open slowly.

Just like before, a larger pool of pee had gathered in it where the diaper was unable to soak up anymore. Hermione looked around, trying to think of something naughty to do, other than mopping it up with toilet paper. "Ginny hold this for a second", she handed Ginny the diaper as she sat down on the floor in front of her. Hermione took off her shoes and pulled off her socks, she rested her feet near the toilet bowl and opened the diaper up again, taking it back from Ginny.

The large pool of pee sat in the diaper, moving around it going no where fast. Hermione took her socks and dropped them into the diaper. They immediately began soaking up the excess pee as Hermione pushed them around inside the diaper. She mopped up what she could with her socks and then removed them, popping them into her mouth as she fastened the diaper back around Ginny's moist crotch.

Hermione pulled one of the pee soaked socks out of her mouth and pulled it slowly back over her toes and up her ankle, wiggling her toes around coating them in the warm pee. She did the same with the other, pulling it on and stretching her toes around inside it. Hermione laid back on the damp floor and thrust her legs into the air. Ginny grabbed a hold of her wet feet and rubbed Hermione's pee sock covered toes all over her lips. The cute white socks were quite see-through now and Ginny could make out her cute toes through the wet socks.

Ginny held Hermione's feet together as she sucked her toes and ran her tongue all over them. Hermione lay in her jumper and tiny white underwear as she pushed a hand inside them and started fingering herself. After a few thrusts, Hermione's underwear started turning see-through as well, with a slight hint of yellow as she began peeing into her hand while she masturbated.

Hermione rubbed her hand all over her pussy, coating it in her pee. As she pulled her hand out of her underwear, they stuck to her groin, sticking into every tiny crease and revealing her little bald slit through the material. Hermione pulled her toes away from Ginny's lips, much to her dissatisfaction as she elicited a small moan showing it. She stood up, putting her already pee soaked feet, in her own puddle that she had made on the floor, making a quiet pitter patter as she stepped through the puddle, soaking her socks again.

Hermione took hold of her underwear and pulled it up tightly as she looked at Ginny. She noticed Hermione's see-through underwear rake between her lips and puff out either side of the soaked gusset. Hermione giggled as Ginny leant forward and buried her nose in the wet underwear. She licked and sucked at the small puff of lips that peeked out either side of the strip of wet fabric and ran her tongue along the gusset of the underwear, brushing it against Hermione's undercarriage. Ginny pulled back and Hermione bent down kissing her square on the lips, running her tongue around inside her mouth.

She stood back up and smiled at Ginny giving a little laugh, "This is going to be so much fun now you're in Tonks' group. Want to come back to my room? We can spend all night making a mess, I think Katie will be there", said Hermione winking at Ginny.

Ginny gave a coy smile and stood up, her wet diaper firmly attached between her legs again, she put her skirt back on and nodded at Hermione. Both girls put their shoes back on, Hermione's having to accommodate her rather wet feet, and made for the Gryffindor common room.

They both walked out of the cubicle holding hands as Hermione said, "When we get back, stay around in the common room for a few minutes. If anyone wants to see you, Dean for example. Just put them off and say you've got to study in your room. When you're ready just walk upstairs and I'll follow you. I'll make sure any of the girls in the room know we're going up to play".

Ginny looked at her and smiled, she kissed Hermione one last time on the lips before unlinking her fingers from hers as they made their way out of the toilet.

- See more at: http://www.hpfanficarchive.com/stories/viewstory.php?sid=1016&chapter=1#sthash.OrYXJRel.dpuf
