I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side
Staying alive was no jive
Had secondhands, Mom's bounced on old man
So then we moved to Shaolin land
A young youth, rocking the gold tooth, 'Lo goose
Only way I begin to G off was drug loot
And let's start it like this son, rolling with this one and that one
Pulling out Gats for fun
But it was just a dream for the teen, who was a fiend
Started smoking woolies at 16
And running up in gates, and doing hits for high stakes
Making my way on fire escapes
No question I would speed for cracks and weed
The combination made my eyes bleed
No question I would flow off and try to get the dough all
Sticking up White boys in ball courts
My life got no better, same damn 'Lo sweater
Times is rough and tough like leather
Figured out I went the wrong route
So I got with a sick-ass clique and went all out
Catching keys from across seas
Rolling in MPV's every week we made forty G's
Yo nigga respect mine or anger the TEC-9
Ch-chick-POW, move from the gate now


Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M get the money
Dollar, dollar bill y'all


It's been twenty-two long hard years of still struggling
Survival got me bugging, but I'm alive on arrival
I peep at the shape of the streets
And stay awake to the ways of the world cause shit is deep
A man with a dream with plans to make cream
Which failed; I went to jail at the age of fifteen
A young buck selling drugs and such who never had much
Trying to get a clutch at what I could not touch
The court played me short, now I face incarceration
Pacin' - going upstate's my destination
Handcuffed in back of a bus, forty of us
Life as a shorty shouldn't be so rough
But as the world turns I learned life is hell
Living in the world no different from a cell
Everyday I escape from Jakes giving chase, selling base
Smoking bones in the staircase
Though I don't know why I chose to smoke sess
I guess that's the time when I'm not depressed
But I'm still depressed and I ask what's it worth
Ready to give up so I seek the old Earth
Who explained working hard may help you maintain
To learn to overcome the heartaches and pain
We got stickup kids, corrupt cops, and crack rocks and
Stray shots, all on the block that stays hot
Leave it up to me while I be living proof
To kick the truth to the young Black youth
But shorty's running wild, smoking sess, drinking beer
And ain't trying to hear what I'm kicking in his ear
Neglected for now but yo, it gots to be accepted
That what, that life is hectic


Niggas got to do what they got to do
To get through - know what I'm saying?
Because you can't just get by no more - word up -
You gotta get over - straight up and down


Yo there's no place to hide Annotateas I step inside the room
Dr. Doom, prepare for the boom
Bam! Aw, man! I, slam, jam, now scream like Tarzan
I be tossing and flossing my style is awesome
I'm causing more Family Feuds than Richard Dawson
And the survey said, you're dead
Fatal Flying Guillotine chops off your fucking head
MZA who was that? Ayo, the Wu is back
Making niggas go Bo! Bo! like on Super Cat
Me fear no-one, oh no, here come
The Wu-Tang shogun, killer to the eardrum


Put the needle to the groove I gets rude and I'm forced
To fuck it up, my style carries like a pick-up truck
Cross the clear blue yonder, sea to shining sea
I slam tracks like quarterback sacks from L.T
Now why try and test the Rebel INS?
Blessed since the birth, I earth-slam your best
Cause I bake the cake, then take the cake
And eat it, too, with my crew while we head state to state


And if you want beef, then bring the ruckus
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuttin ta fuck with
Straight from the motherfucking slums that's busted
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuttin ta fuck with


Hah! Step up, boy!
Represent! Chop his head off, kid!


The Meth will come out tomorrow
Styles, conditions, bizarre, bizarro
Flow, with more afro than Rollo
Coming to a fork in the road which way to go just follow
Meth is the legend, niggas is sleepy hollow
In fact I'm a hard act to follow
I dealt for dolo, Bogart coming on through
Niggas is like "Oh, my God, not you!"
Yes, I, come to get a slice of the punk and the pie
Rather do than die, check my flavor, coming from the RZA
Which is short for the razor who make me reminisce true
Like Deja, Vu! I'm rubber, niggas is like glue
Whatever you say rubs off me sticks to you




Ahh-hah! Yeah
Representing Brooklyn Queens
Long Island, Manhattan Bronx
The Rugged Lands of Shaolin
Niggas from Virginia, Atlanta
Our boys in Ohio
Coming through with the crazy, why-oh why-oh
Yo, niggas from The Source
My man Kelly Woo from the Gavin
Will Strickland, Jason Staton, yeah
True, true, my nigga Crown what's going down, boy?
We ain't nuttin ta fuck wit
The whole Texas mob, the Chicago mob
Niggas from Detroit, fucking California squadron
Coming through you know what I'm saying?
The whole fucking West coast
To the whole East, niggas from D.C
Down in Maryland, all the way over there in Morgan State
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuttin ta fuck wit
All over the whole fucking globe, coming through boy
Peace to the fucking Zulu Nation
Peace to all the Gods and the Earths, word is bond
Wu-Tang slang, chopping heads boy
It ain't safe no more! Peace


I smoke on the mic like smokin' Joe Frazier
The hell-raiser, raising hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swinging through your town like your neighborhood Spiderman
So uhh, tick tock and keep ticking
While I get you flipping off the shit that I'm kicking
The Lone Ranger, code red: danger!
Deep in the dark with the art to rip the charts apart
The vandal, too hot to handle
You battle, you're saying goodbye like Tevin Campbell
Roughneck, Inspectah Deck's on the set
The rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal


The way I make the crowd go wild
Sit back relax, won't smile, Rae got it going on pal
Call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I'mma get mad deep like a threat
Blow up your project, then take all your assets
Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb shit like math
So if you wanna try to flip, go flip on the next man
Cause I grab the clip, and
Hit you with 16 shots and more, I got
Going to war with the melting pot hot


It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Meth
Moving on your left
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a Gat
I wanna break fool, cock me back
Small change, they putting shame in the game
I take aim and blow the nigga out the frame
And like Fame, my style will live forever
Niggas crossing over but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a "suuue"
Nuff respect due to the one-six-ooh
I mean ohh, yo check out the flow
Like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin'
Niggas off, because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt makes me eughck


Ooh, what, grab my nut, get screwed
Oww, here comes my Shaolin style
True B-A-ba-B-Y-U
To my crew with a "suuue!"


C'mon baby baby c'mon baby baby c'mon baby baby c'mon


Yo, you best protect ya neck!


First things first, man, you're fucking with the worst
I'll be sticking pins in your head like a fucking nurse
I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zu
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter the winter
Straight up and down, that shit is packed: jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him, man
The Ol' Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinking
Ason Unique rolling with the night of the creeps
Niggas be rolling with a stash, ain't saying cash
Bite my style I'll bite your motherfucking ass!


For crying out loud, my style is wild, so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejecting styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
Here's more again, catch it like a psycho flashback
I love Gats, if rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit in all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stomping grounds
I give a order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shooting star
Cause who I are is living the life of Pablo Escobar
Point-blank as I kick the square biz
There it is, you're fucking with pros and there it goes


Yo chill with the feedback, black, we don't need that
It's 10 o'clock, ho, where the fuck's your seed at?
Feeling mad hostile, wearing Aéropostale
Flowing like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy robe then attack the globe
With the buck us style, the ruckus
Ten times ten men committing mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fucking chin
Slang boom-bangs like African drums
(He'll be) coming around the mountain when I cum
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah, another one down, G-g-genius
Take us the fuck outta here


The Wu is too slammin' for these Cold Killin' labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doing artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's getting stuck to the gum under the table
That's what you get when you misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and you lose every cent
For trying to blow up a scrub
Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should've pumped it when I rocked it
Niggas so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors, they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&R?
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar?
But he don't know the meaning of dope
When he's looking for a suit-and-tie rap that's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact, bring out the girls and let's have a mud fight


You best protect ya neck!
You best protect ya neck!
You best protect ya neck!
You best protect ya neck!

 Yeahhh, torture motherfucker what?  What?
I'll fuckin - I'll fuckin tie you to a fuckin bedpost with your ass cheeks spread out and shit, right, put a hanger on a fuckin stove and let that shit sit there for like a half hour, take it off and stick it in your ass slow like *Tssssssss*
 Yeah, I'll fuckin - yeah I'll fuckin lay your nuts on a fuckin dresser, just your nuts layin on a fuckin dresser, and bang them shits with a spiked fuckin bat
 Whassup? BLAOWWW!!
 I'll fuckin - I'll fuckin pull your fuckin tongue out your fuckin mouth and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, BLAOWW!!
 I'll fuckin - I'll fuckin - I'll fuckin hang you by your fuckin dick off a fuckin twelve sto-story building out this motherfucker
 I'll fuckin - I'll fuckin sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin you and feedin you, and feedin you, and feedin you


[Yo, roll the dice, yo roll the dice
Yo, so it's going down like that, huh? Yeah?
Niggas is whylin, check it out kid]

From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again
The RZA, the GZA, Ol Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon the Chef
U-God, Ghostface Killah and the Method Man


M-E-T, H-O-D, Man
M-E-T, H-O-D, Man
M-E-T, H-O-D, Man
M-E-T, H-O-D, Man


Hey, you, get off my cloud
You don't know me and you don't know my style
Who be gettin flam when they come to a jam?
Here I am here I am, the Method Man
Patty cake patty cake hey the method man
Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan
Peanut butter, cuz I'm not butter
In fact I snap back like a rubber
Band, I be Sam Sam I am
And I dont eat green eggs and ham
Style will hit ya, wham!, then goddamn
You be like oh shit that's the jam
Turn it up now hear me get buckwu-wu-wild
I'm about to blow light me up
Upside downside inside and outside
Hittin you from every angle there's no doubt
I am, the one and only Method Man
The master of the plan wrappin shit like Saran
Wrap, with some of this and some of that
Hold up (what?) I tawt I tat I putty tat
Over there, but I think he best to beware
Of the diggy dog shit right here
Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo
Like Deck said this ain't your average flow
Comin like rah ooh ah achie kah
Tell me how ya like it so far baby paw
The poetry's in motion coast to coast and
Rub it on your skin like lotion
What's the commotion, oh my lord
Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword
Hey hey hey like Fat Albert
It's the Method Man ain't no if ands about it
It's the Method


All right, y'all get ya White Owls, get ya meth, get ya skins
Don't forget your forty
And we gonna do it like this
I got, fat bags of skunk
I got, White Owl blunts
And I'm about to go get lifted
Yes I'm about to go get lifted
I got, myself a forty
I got, myself a shorty
And I'm about to go and stick it
Yes I'm about to go and stick it
Uhh


H-U-F-F huff and I puff
Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin
Zoom, I hit the mic like boom
Wrote a song about it like to hear it here it goes
Question what exactly is a panty raider
Ill behaviour savior or major flavor
All of the above oh yeah plus I do so
Also flam I'm the man call me super
Not an average Joe with an average flow
Doing average things with average hoes
Yo I'm super I'll make a bitch squirm
For my, Su-per Sperm (check it)
Check it I give it to ya raw butt naked
I smell sess pass the Method
Let's get lifted as I kick ballistics
Missles and shoot game like a pistol
Clip is loaded when I click bang dang
A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain
J-U-M-P jump and I thump
Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump
Wow, the Shaolin style is all in me
Child, the whole damn isle is callin me
P-A-N-T-Y-R-A-I-D-E-R mad raw I don't cry
Meaning no one can burn or toss and turn me
Ooh I be the super sperm
Chim chimmeny chim chim cherie
Freak a flow and flow fancy free
Now how many licks does it take
For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break
Peep and don't sleep the crews mad deep Wu-Tang
Fadin motherfuckers like bleach
So to each and every crew
You're clear like glass I can see right through
You're whole damn posse be catchin em all cause you vic'd
And ya didn't have friends to begin with, I'm


The M-E-T, H-O-D, Man
M-E-T, H-O-D, Man
M-E-T, H-O-D, Man
M-E-T, H-O-D, Man
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man


Straight from the slums of Shaolin
Wu-Tang Killa Beez on a swarm


Your soul have just been taken through the 36 chambers of death, kid


Word to mother, Method Man signing off, peace

Check the script, me and the gods getting ripped
Blunts in the dip, forty dogs in my lip
Had a box, 'Boom Boom' the bass will blast
We was laughing at all the girls that passed
Conversation, brothers had began to discuss
(Hey yo, Ra, remember that kid ya bust?)
Aw yeah, he ran, but he didn't get far
Cause I dropped him, heh heh heh heh heh ha
Not knowing exactly what lied ahead
My little brother, my mother sent him out for bread
Get the Wonder, it's a hot day in the summer
Didn't expect to come across a crazy gunner
"Hey Shorty, check it for the bag and the dough"
But he was brave, looked him in the eye, and said "No!!"
Money splattered him, BOW! then he snatched the bag
Hit his pockets, then he jetted up the Ave
Girls screaming, the noise up and down the block
(Hey, Rakeem!) What? (Your little brother got shot!)
I ran frantically, then I dropped down to his feet
I saw the blood all over the hot concrete
I picked him up then I held him by his head
His eyes shut, that's when I knew he was...
Aw man! How do I say goodbye?
It's always the good ones that have to die
Memories in the corner of my mind
Flashbacks, I was laughing all the time
I taught him all about the bees and birds
But I wish I had a chance to sing these three words




Me and my man, my ace big Moe from the shelter
Bout to hit the skins from this girl named Thelma
Now Thelma had a rep that was higher than her neck
Every girl from Shaolin dissed her respect
We was stimmy, you know how it is when you're blitzed
Three o'clock in the morning, something got to give
Moe said he'll go first, I said I'll take next
Here, take this raincoat and practice safe sex
He seemed to ignore, I said, "Be for real!
"She's not even worth it to go raw deal."
A man's gonna do what a man's gonna do
He got butt-naked and stuck the power U
Twenty minutes went by, Moe I'm out without a doubt
I'm not pumping up, I am airing out
Hey yo, he came out laughing with glory
I'm surprised, he's still living to tell his story
But he carried on with the same old stuff
With Stephanie, like a Whammy, he pressed his luck
Moe tried to be down with O.P.P
Ain't nothing wrong but he got caught with the H.I.V
Now no life to live, doc says two more years
So after the laughter I guess comes the tears

Up from the 36 Chambers...
Heheh.. it's the Ghost..*Face*..*Killah* Hehheheh
Wu-Tang
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck, U-God
Ghostface Killah, the Method Man, Raekwon the Chef, the Masta Killa
Raw Desire, LeVon, Power Cipher
12 O'Clock, 60 Second Assassin, the 4th Disciple
The Brown Hornet
K.D. the Down Low Recka, Shyheim AKA The Rugged Child
Due-Due Lilz, Mista Hezekiah -- better known as the Yin and the Yang
The True Master, Isham, DJ Skane, The True Robocop comin thru
Scientific Shabazz, my motherfuckin man Wise the Civilized
The Shaolin Soldiers
Daddy-O and Poppa Ron comin down from the motherfuckin South end of things
Killa beez all over your fuckin planet
Thirty-six chambers of death
Three-hundred and sixty degrees of perfected styles
Choppin off your motherfuckin dome...
...piece, and every fuckin borough
Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens, Staten Island
The motherfuckin Bronx, Killa Beez....


The sword? C'mon, give him the sword


Clan in the front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, rag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, come on in the track to what


The Wu is coming through, the outcome is critical
Fucking with my style is sort of like a miracle
On 34th Street, in the Square of Herald
I gamed Ella, the bitch caught a Fitz like Gerald-
-ine Ferraro, who's full of sorrow cause the ho didn't win
But the sun will still come out tomorrow
And shine shine shine like gold mine
Here comes the drunk monk, with a quart of Ballentine
Pass the bone, kid pass the bone
Let's get on this mission like Indiana Jones, the GZA
One who just represent the Wu-Tang clique
With the game and soul of an old school flick
Like the Mack and Dolemite, who both did bids
Claudine went to Cooley High and had mad kids
So stop, the life you save may be your motherfucking own
I'll hang your ass with this microphone
Make way for the merge of traffic
Wu-Tang's coming through with full metal jackets
God squad that's mad hard to serve
Come fronting hard, then Bernhard Goetz what he deserves




No response while I bomb that ass
You ain't shit, your wack ass town had you gassed
Egos is something the Wu-Tang crush
Souped up niggas on a stage get rushed
I don't give a goddamn on the shows you did
How many rhymes you got or who knows you kid
Cause I don't know you therefore show me what you know
I come sharp as a blade and I cut you slow
You become so Pat as my style increases
What's that in your pants ahh human feces
Throw your shitty drawers in the hamper
Next time come strapped with a fucking Pamper
How you sound B? You're better off a quitter
I'm on the mound, G, and it's a no-hitter
And my DJ the catcher, he's my man
In a way he's the one who devised the plan
He throws the signs I hook up the beats with clout
I throw the rhymes to the mic and I strike em out
So it really doesn't matter on how you intrigue
You can't fuck with those in the major leagues

ShameAnnotate on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
I'll fuck your ass up!


(Yo hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!)
Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, you wanna get gun? Shoot!
Blaow! How you like me now?
Don't fuck the style, ruthless wild
Do you wanna get your teeth knocked the fuck out?
Wanna get on it like that, well then shout


Yo RZA, yo razor, hit me with the major
The damage, my Clan understand it be flavor
Gunning, humming coming at ya
First I'm gonna get ya, once I got ya, I gat ya
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture, got niggas resigning, now master
My style? Never!
I put the fucking buck in the wild kid, I'm terror
Razor sharp, I sever
The head from the shoulders, I'm better, than my competta
You mean competitor, whatever, let's get together




I react so thick, I'm phat and yo
Rae came blowing and blew off your headphones black
Rap from yo Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to wreck this
Brothers approach and half step, but ain't heard half of it yet
And I bet you're not a fucking vet
So, when you see me on the real, forming like Voltron
Remember I got deep like a Navy Seal




Yo! I come with that ol' loco, style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bi-focals
I'm no joker, play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire, smoke ya
Crews be acting like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors, come out and play"
Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once, but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keep shit stains in my drawers
So I can get fizza-funky for you
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang, rah!
Here comes the Tiger vs. Crane
I'll be like wild with my style
Punk, you play me chump, you get jumped
Wu is coming through at a theatre near you
And get funk like a shoe
What?

"Shaolin shadowboxing and the Wu-Tang sword style. If what you say is true, the Shaolin and the Wu-Tang could be dangerous. Do you think your Wu-Tang sword can defeat me?"
"En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style."


Bring da motherfucking ruckus
Bring da motherfucking ruckus
Bring da mother, bring da motherfucking ruckus
Bring da motherfucking ruckus


Ghostface catch the blast of a hype verse
My Glock burst, leave in a hearse, I did worse
I come rough, tough like an elephant tusk
Ya head rush, fly like Egyptian musk
Aww shit Wu-Tang Clan spark the wicks an'
However I master the trick just like Nixon
Causing terror, quick damage your whole era
Hardrocks is locked the fuck up or found shot
P.L.O. style, hazardous cause I wreck this dangerous
I blow spots like Waco Texas


I watch my back like I'm locked down, hardcore
Hitting sound, watch me act bugged and tear it down
Illiterate type asshole, songs going gold no doubt
And you watch a corny nigga fold
Yeah they fake and all that carrying gats but yo
My Clan rolling like forty Macs
Now ya act convinced, I guess it makes sense
Wu-Tang, yo soooooo, represent
I wait for one to act up
Now I got him backed up
Gun to his neck now, react what
And that's one in the chamber
Wu-Tang banger, 36 styles of danger




I rip it hardcore, like porno-flick bitches
I roll with groups of ghetto bastards with biscuits
Check it, my method on the microphone's banging
Wu-Tang slang'll leave your headpiece hanging
Bust this, I'm kicking like Seagal, Out for Justice
The roughness, yes the rudeness, ruckus
Redrum, I verbally assault with the tongue
Murder one, my style shock ya knot like a stun-gun
I'm hectic, I wreck it with the quickness
Set it on the microphone, and competition get blown
By this nasty-ass nigga with my nigga, the RZA
Charged like a bull and got pull like a trigger
So bad, stabbing up the pad with the vocab, crab
I scream on your ass like your dad, bring it on




I'm more rugged than slaveman boots
New recruits, I'm fucking up MC troops
I break loose, and trample shit, while I stomp
A mudhole in that ass cause I'm straight out the swamp
Creeping up on site, now it's Fright Night
My Wu-Tang slang is mad fucking dangerous
And more deadly than the stroke of an axe
Chopping through your back *swish*, giving bystanders heart-attacks
Niggas try to flip, tell me who is him
I blow up his fucking prism, make it a vicious act of terrorism
You wanna bring it, so fuck it, come on and bring the ruckus
And I provoke niggas to kick buckets
I'm wetting CREAM, I ain't wetting fame
Who selling cain, I'm giving out a deadly game
It's not the Russian it's the Wu-Tang crushing roulette
Slip up and get fucked like Suzette
Bring da fucking ruckus

The game of chess is like a swordfight
You must think first before you move
Toad style is immensely strong and immune to nearly any weapon;
When it's properly used it's almost invincible


Raw I'mma give it to ya, with no trivia
Raw like cocaine straight from Bolivia
My hip-hop will rock and shock the nation
Like the Emancipation Proclamation
Weak MC's approach with slang that's dead
You might as well run into the wall and bang your head
I'm pushing force, my force you're doubting
I'm making devils cower to the Caucus Mountains


Well I'm the sire, I set the microphone on fire
Rap styles vary, and carry like Mariah
I come from the Shaolin slum, and the isle I'm from
Is coming through with nuff niggas, and nuff guns
So if you wanna come sweating, stressing contesting
You'll catch a sharp sword to the midsection
Don't talk the talk, if you can't walk the walk
Phony niggas are outlined in chalk
I'm mad vexed, it's what the projects made me
Rebel to the grain there's no way to barricade me
Steamrolling niggas like a eighteen wheeler
With a drunk driver driving, there's no surviving


Rough like Timberland wear, yeah
Me and the Clan in 'Yota Landcruisers out there
Peace to all the crooks, all the niggas with bad looks
Bald heads, braids, blow this hook
We got chrome Tecs, nickel plated Macs
Black Ac's, drug dealing styles in phat stacks
I only been a good nigga for a minute though
Cuz I got to get my props, and win it yo
I got beef wit commercial-ass niggas with gold teeth
Lamping in a Lexus eating beef
Straight up and down don't even bother
I got forty niggas up in here now, who kill niggas fathers


My peoples are you with me where you at?
In the front, in the back killa-bees on attack
My peoples are you with me where you at?
Smoking meth hitting cats on the block with the gats


Here I go, deep type flow
Jacques Cousteau could never get this low, uumm
I'm cherry bombing shits... BOOM
Just warming up a little bit, vroom vroom
Rappining is what's happening
Keep the pockets stacked and then, hands clapping and
At the party when I move my body
Gotta get up and be somebody!
Grab the microphone put strength to the bone
DUH-DUH-DUH...enter the Wu-Tang zone
Sure enough when I rock that stuff
Guff puff?? I'm gonna catch your bluff tuff
Rough, kicking rhymes like Jim Kelly
Or Alex Haley I'm a Mi-..Beetle Bailey rhymes
Coming raw style, hardcore
Niggas be coming to the hip-hop store
Coming to buy grocery from me
Trying to be a hip-hop MC
The law, in order to enter the Wu-Tang
You must bring the Ol' Dirty Bastard type slang
Represent the GZA, Abbot, RZA, Shaquan, Inspectah Deck
Dirty Ol' getting low wit his flow
Introducing, the Ghost..face.. Killah!!
No one could get iller


Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger!
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck- I FUCK yo' ass up! What?

(HUT ONE, HUT TWO, HUT THREE, HUT!)

[Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard, Method Man, Raekwon the Chef]

Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut!
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, ya wanna get gun? Shoot!
BLAOW! How you like me now? Don't fuck the style
Ruthless wild!
Do ya wanna getcha teeth knocked the FUCK out?
Wanna get on it like that, well then shout!

Yo RZA, yo razor!
Hit me with the major
The damage, my Clan understand it be flavor
Gunnin, hummin comin atcha
First I'm gonna getcha, once I gotcha, I gat-cha
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture, got niggaz resigning, now master
my style? Never! I put the fucking buck in the wild kid, I'm terror
Razor sharp, I sever
the head from the shoulders, I'm better
than my compeda, you mean competitor, whadeva!
Let's get together

(Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buckwild with the tri-BLAOW!)

I react so thick, I'm phat, and YO!
Rae came blowing and blew off ya headphones black
Rap from yo Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to WRECK this
Brothers approach and half step, but ain't heard
HALF of it yet, and I bet you're not a fuckin vet
So, when you see me on the real, formin like Voltron
Remember I got deep like a Navy Seal!


Yo...!
I come with that ol' loco
Style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bi-focals
I'm no joker! Play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire! Smoke ya!
Crews be actin like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors! Come out and playiyay!"
Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once, but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keep shit stinks in my drawers
So I can get fzza-funky for yah
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang RAHH!
Here comes the Tiger verse Crane!
Ow, be like wild with my style
Punk! You playing me, chump, you get DUMPED
WU! Is comin THROUGH! At a theatre near YOU!
And get funk like a SHOE!
What?! 

It's Wu motherfuckers, ah Wu-Tang motherfuckers [3X]
It's Wu, ah goin on

Reunited, double LP, we're all excited
Struck a match to the underground, industry ignited
from metaphorical parables to fertilize the Earth
Wicked niggaz come, try to burglarize the turf
Scattin off soft-ass beats them niggaz rap happily
Tragically, that style, deter-iate, rapidly
Uncompleted missions, throwin your best known compositions
You couldn't add it up, if you mastered addition
Where I come from, gettin visual is habitual
De-mon-strate walkin on hot coal, in rituals
I splash the paint on the wall, it formed the mural
He took a look, saw the manifestation of it, was plural
Rhymin while impaired, dart hit your garment
Pierced your internal, streamlined compartments
Just consider the unparallel advantage
Of a natural disaster that's impossible to manage

Bitch ass niggaz counterfeit the funk
I smoke the bead and the skunk, tree top of the trunk
Moonshine drunken monk, YaHEAD, get shrunk
The touch of skunk, I be fuckin bitches by the chunk
my name black, do words wanna play in my dirt?
Bitch stop my momma serve, free lunch from the church
I come like a thousand doves
Bitch you quiet at the bus, makin the fuss, I gots tough love
Unglove the news, watch a nigga transfuse
Dirty add to the fuse, heavy at the booze
I don't walk, I get carried
Gold and platinum frisbees on my wall, lookin properly
but come-ly, I U.F.O. you Wright Brothers
The Indian that sold Manhattan to the white man
my grandfather, step up and get knocked right the fuck out
Come to the cook-out, Dirty bitch at the mouth
You scared? Run around like a plane about to crash



Yo, yo, The Riddler, funny bone tickler, freak Caligula
Bigger dick sex enigma pistol fertilize your stigma
Stinkbox, order from pink dot
MC's get stuck on ink blots as I plug to the sinkbox
Wu-Tang Incorp. take your brain on spacewalk
Talk strange like B-jork, great hero Jim Thorpe
How can I put it? Life is like video footage
Hard to edit, directors, that never understood it
I'm too impulsive, my deadly corrosive dosage
attack when you least notice through explosive postage
I don't play, the rap souflee sautee for the day
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig A, Leg Leg Arm Head
Spread like plague, we drink Hennessee by the jig
I got the golden egg plus the goose
Eighty proof, Absolut, mixed with cranberry fruit juice
Ginseng boost, I got yo' neck in a noose
Keep my money wrinkled, the rap star twinkle killer instinct
sixteen bar nickle sell more copies than Kinko
Grow like a fetus with no hands and feet to complete us
and we return like Jesus, when the whole world need us



Is it appetite for destruction
Slap a murder rap on this production, I touch somethin trust nuttin
Iron Lung/Twisted Metal
I see em duckin my dart gun, bustin, from every angle
Worldwide total carnage, the sickest flow
that be code named Agent Orange, killin you slow
It's only right you pay homage
to those that's bout to blow like that shit up your nose, solid
as a rock when I strike target, ver-bal
Be screamin on you like a drill sargeant, her-bals
got me where I wanna be right now, don't know the time
Check the hour on your sundial, watch me shine
Drunk off of cheap wine
Each line be on point when I speak mine
On behalf of my crew, SUUUUUUUUUUU, Enter the Wu
Thirty-Six more deadly Chambers, to take you through

Aiyyo I roll like a bat out of hell
Evil acapell's fly spittin out of my grill
Before I hit the sky with springtime colors
Juicy as a Sunkist, certain broads double dutch this
They carve it in they wrist, pales berry blazes
Straighten the crumbs left on the stove, clothes in my lady hair
Plus yours the look gold God, the old tainted bald technique
Got these vestibules designer niggaz in they whips
jumpin out they seats, eighteen, Bronzeman Part II
We like Dorothy Hamill on ice
We in your hood we might circle, hats down low in the Range
Switch lanes, change my tire, peel out
Real loud on the stage yo, I shitted on your hood kid
I shitted on your hood, got to your burner too late
I'm lookin real good, draped out
Shinin like a fresh fifty cent piece, your girlfriend, c'mere
Oh shit, you my man's niece, the gourmet pocket twenty
bombs made of clay, Sexcapades take place
We fucked in forty-eight shades might walk up in your studio
time slap your engineer, it's lighter fluid to that style
Hand me the matches now


Aiyyo rainbow Roley on the wrist, now what's this
Niggaz bless this, eight and a half, Bally banana twist
E shakes, puffin on lye, feedin the seed's plate
Pullin out, old dirty eights to rob gates
Major wake up, the kid telltales, make a nigga head wake up
Beats break, the nigga would take off his time
Honolulu status, gladdest
the rich rock cabbage and dollar vans grands
That nigga mad savage, stationary Hall of Justice
Niggaz came clumped out
Just came home, now they bunked out
Money be longer than triple life
til the sun burn out, that's my word
Move it with the burner out
Fidel way of thinkin, roll with the Mac bent Ac-10
Most of my team, Five Percent check what the live said
Rollin with Guess vests pedestrians yo
holdin my nuts, fuckin thousand dollar lesbians


Let the shot spark, soon as his pit bull barks
Tire scars from skid marks leaves from jams in school parks
Witness, forget his, original statement
Even in protection programs there's no escapement
Gunned down, we in town, hit king from seven crowns
Spent rounds catch him while he rhyme in the Zebra Lounge
Wounded, back in the eighty-three summer heat
Up in three-oh-nine park, rhymin off the drummer's beat
I stalk the city streets demonstratin mic wrecks
All lookin stank, I ain't playin wit a full deck
And as they nervously stare, I know they scared
They saw the coming of Wu, the neon in Times Square
Household name, assassin, killa bee
Mill to the grain, that posess the Wu, trilogy
Quick to spot those that bite camoflouge and blend
Those that got styles, they got identical twins
Don't stretch the small thing, copycats are finnicky
without skills, they master the art of mimicry
But I go line for line on the whole page
Your unspotted life on the mic is old age

I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies
and hypothesis can't define how I be droppin these
mockeries, lyrically perform armed robbery
Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me
Battle-scarred shogun, explosion when my pen hits
tremendous, ultra-violet shine blind forensics
I inspect you, through the future see millenium
Killa B's sold fifty gold sixty platinum
Shacklin the masses with drastic rap tactics
Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths
Black Wu jackets queen B's ease the guns in
Rumble with patrolmen, tear gas laced the function
Heads by the score take flight incite a war
Chicks hit the floor, diehard fans demand more
Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly
Proceeds to blow swingin swords like Shinobi
Stomp grounds and pound footprints in solid rock
Wu got it locked, performin live on your hottest block

See, sometimes
You gotta flash em back
See niggas don't know where this shit started
Y'all know where it came from
I'm saying we gonna take y'all back to the source
Do the knowledge... yo!

When the MCs came to live out the name and to perform
Some had to snort cocaine to act insane before Pete Rock-ed it on
Now on with the mental plane to spark the brain with the building to be born
Yo RZA flip the track with the what to cut...

Fake niggas get flipped
In mic fights I swing swords and cut clowns
Shit is too swift to bite you record and write it down
I flow like the blood on a murder scene, like a syringe
On some wild out shit, to insert a fiend
But it was your op the shop stolen art
Catch a swollen heart from not rolling smart
I put mad pressure, on phony wack rhymes that get hurt
Shit's played like zodiac signs on sweatshirt
That's minimum, and feminine like sandals
My minimum table stacks a verse on a gamble
Energy is felt once the cards are dealt
With the impact of roundhouse kicks from black belts
That attack, the mic-fones like cyclones or typhoon
I represent from midnight to high noon
I don't waste ink, nigga I think
I drop megaton bombs more faster than you blink
Cause rhyme thoughts travel at a tremendous speed
Clouds of smoke, of natural blends of weed
Only under one circumstance that's if I'm blunted
Turn that shit up, my clan in the front want it

I'm on a mission that niggas say is impossible
But when I swing my swords they all choppable
I be the body dropper, the heartbeat stopper
Child educator, plus head amputator
Cause niggas styles are old like Mark 5 sneakers
Lyrics are weak like clock radio speakers
Don't even stop in my station and attack
While your plan failed, get derailed like Amtrak
What the fuck for? Down by law, I make law
I be justice, I sentence that ass two to four
Round the clock, that state pen time check it
With the pens I be sticking but you can't stick to crime
Came through with the Wu, slid off on the DL
I'm low-key like seashells, I rock these bells
Now come aboard, it's Medina bound
Enter the chamber, and it's a whole different sound
It's a wide entrance, small exit like a funnel
So deep it's picked up on radios in tunnels
Niggas are fascinated how the shit begin
Get vaccinated, my logo is branded in your skin
